{'questionId': '123', 'question': 'Is there an existing application or library in Java which will allow me to convert a CSV data file to XML file?   The XML tags would be provided through possibly the first row containing column headings.'}
{'questionId': '126', 'question': 'What is the "purist" or "correct" way to access an object\'s properties from within an object method that is not a getter/setter method? I know that from outside of the object you should use a getter/setter, but from within would you just do: Java: PHP: or would you do: Java: PHP: Forgive me if my Java is a little off, it\'s been a year since I programmed in Java... EDIT: It seems people are assuming I am talking about private or protected variables/properties only. When I learned OO I was taught to use getters/setters for every single property even if it was public (and actually I was told never to make any variable/property public). So, I may be starting off from a false assumption from the get go. It appears that people answering this question are maybe saying that you should have public properties and that those don\'t need getters and setters, which goes against what I was taught, and what I was talking about, although maybe that needs to be discussed as well. That\'s probably a good topic for a different question though...'}
{'questionId': '382', 'question': 'What is the meaning of the Java warning? Type safety: The cast from Object to List is actually checking against the erased type List I get this warning when I try to cast an Object to a type with generic information, such as in the following code:'}
{'questionId': '564', 'question': 'I was reading More Joel on Software when I came across Joel Spolsky saying something about a particular type of programmer knowing the difference between an int and an Integer in Java/C# (Object Oriented Programming Languages). So, what is the difference?'}
{'questionId': '2092', 'question': 'Looking for books or other references that discuss actually "how" to write a code coverage tool in Java; some of the various techniques or tricks - source vs. byte code instrumentation. This is for a scripting language that generates java byte code under the hood.'}
{'questionId': '2158', 'question': 'Is there a way to create a JButton with your own button graphic and not just with an image inside the button?  If not, is there another way to create a custom button in java?'}
{'questionId': '2931', 'question': 'I have been working with JXTA 2.3 for the last year or so for a peer-to-peer computing platform I am developing. I am migrating to JXTA 2.5 and in the process I am trying to clean up a lot of my use of JXTA. For the most part, I approached JXTA with a just make it work attitude. I used it to jumpstart creating and managing my peer-to-peer overlay network and providing basic communication services. I would like to use it in a more JXTA way since I am making changes to move to 2.5 anyway. My first step would be a basic creation of a custom PeerGroup. I see some new new mechanisms that are using the META-INF.services infrastructure of Java. Should I be listing a related PeerGroup implementing object here with a GUID in net.jxta.platform.Module? As I understand it, if I do this, when a group with a spec ID matching the GUID is encountered and joined or created it should automatically use the matching object. I should be able to just manually tie a PeerGroup object to the group but this new method using META-INF seems to be a lot easier to manage. Does anyone have any pointers or examples of using this infrastructure for PeerGroup implementation? Also, some general information on the META-INF.services mechanism in Java would be helpful.'}
{'questionId': '2968', 'question': "For parsing player commands, I've most often used the split method to split a string by delimiters and then to then just figure out the rest by a series of ifs or switches. What are some different ways of parsing strings in Java?"}
{'questionId': '3049', 'question': 'I need to send and receive data over serial connections (RS-232 and RS-422). How do I set up and communicate with such a connection?  How do I figure out what the configuration settings (e.g. baud rate) should be and how do I set them? In particular I am looking to do this in Java, C/C++, or one of the major Unix shells but I also have some interest in serial programming using Windows/Hyperterminal.'}
{'questionId': '3881', 'question': 'I have a simple setter method for a property and null is not appropriate for this particular property. I have always been torn in this situation: should I throw an IllegalArgumentException, or a NullPointerException? From the javadocs, both seem appropriate. Is there some kind of an understood standard?  Or is this just one of those things that you should do whatever you prefer and both are really correct?'}
{'questionId': '4080', 'question': "What code analysis tools do you use on your Java projects? I am interested in all kinds static code analysis tools (FindBugs, PMD, and any others) code coverage tools (Cobertura, Emma, and any others) any other instrumentation-based tools  anything else, if I'm missing something If applicable, also state what build tools you use and how well these tools integrate with both your IDEs and build tools.  If a tool is only available a specific way (as an IDE plugin, or, say, a build tool plugin) that information is also worth noting."}
{'questionId': '4149', 'question': "I have an application that writes information to file. This information is used post-execution to determine pass/failure/correctness of the application. I'd like to be able to read the file as it is being written so that I can do these pass/failure/correctness checks in realtime. I assume it is possible to do this, but what are the gotchas involved when using Java? If the reading catches up to the writing, will it just wait for more writes up until the file is closed, or will the read throw an exception at this point? If the latter, what do I do then?  My intuition is currently pushing me towards BufferedStreams. Is this the way to go?"}
{'questionId': '4242', 'question': "I want to convert a primitive to a string, and I tried: This fails with the error: Now, I get that primitives are not reference types (ie, not an Object) and so cannot have methods.  However, Java 5 introduced autoboxing and unboxing (a la C#... which I never liked in C#, but that's beside the point).  So with autoboxing, I would expect the above to convert myInt to an Integer and then call toString() on that. Furthermore, I believe C# allows such a call, unless I remember incorrectly.  Is this just an unfortunate shortcoming of Java's autoboxing/unboxing specification, or is there a good reason for this?"}
{'questionId': '4630', 'question': "Example: I have two shared objects (same should apply to .dlls). The first shared object is from a third-party library, we'll call it libA.so. I have wrapped some of this with JNI and created my own library, libB.so. Now libB depends on libA. When webstarting, both libraries are places in some webstart working area. My java code attempts to load libB. At this point the system loader will attempt to load libA which is not in the system library path (java.library.path won't help this). The end result is that libB has an unsatisfied link and cannot be used.  I have tried loading libA before libB, but that still does not work. Seems the OS wants to do that loading for me. Is there any way I can make this work other than statically  compiling?"}
{'questionId': '4922', 'question': 'I saw this in an answer to another question, in reference to shortcomings of the java spec: There are more shortcomings and this is a subtle topic. Check this out: Here "long" would be printed (haven\'t checked it myself), because the compiler choses >widening over autoboxing. Be careful when using autoboxing or don\'t use it at all! Are we sure that this is actually an example of widening instead of autoboxing, or is it something else entirely? On my initial scanning, I would agree with the statement that the output would be "long" on the basis of i being declared as a primitive and not an object.  However, if you changed  to the output would print "Integer" What\'s really going on here?  I know nothing about the compilers/bytecode interpreters for java...'}
{'questionId': '5222', 'question': "What is the Java equivalent of PHP's $_POST? After searching the web for an hour, I'm still nowhere closer."}
{'questionId': '5328', 'question': 'So, in Java, the first line of your constructor HAS to be a call to super... be it implicitly calling super(), or explicitly calling another constructor.  What I want to know is, why can\'t I put a try block around that? My specific case is that I have a mock class for a test.  There is no default constructor, but I want one to make the tests simpler to read.  I also want to wrap the exceptions thrown from the constructor into a RuntimeException. So, what I want to do is effectively this: But Java complains that super isn\'t the first statement. My workaround: Is this the best workaround?  Why doesn\'t Java let me do the former? My best guess as to the "why" is that Java doesn\'t want to let me have a constructed object in a potentially inconsistent state... however, in doing a mock, I don\'t care about that.  It seems I should be able to do the above... or at least I know that the above is safe for my case... or seems as though it should be anyways. I am overriding any methods I use from the tested class, so there is no risk that I am using uninitialized variables.'}
{'questionId': '5527', 'question': "I just saw a comment of suggesting J#, and it made me wonder... is there a real, beneficial use of J# over Java?  So, my feeling is that the only reason you would even consider using J# is that management has decreed that the company should jump on the Java bandwagon... and the .NET bandwagon.  If you use J#, you are effectively losing the biggest benefit of picking Java... rich cross platform support.  Sure there is Mono, but it's not as richly supported or as full featured right?  I remember hearing Forms are not fully (perhaps at all) supported. I'm not trying to bash .NET here, I'm just saying, if you are going to go the Microsoft route, why not just use C#?  If you are going to go the Java route, why would J# enter the picture? I'm hoping to find some real world cases here, so please especially respond if you've ACTUALLY used J# in a REAL project, and why."}
{'questionId': '5855', 'question': "I've found many sources that talk about the automated Eclipse PDE process.  I feel these sources don't do a good job explaining what's going on. I can create the deployable package, in a semi-manual process via the Feature Export.   The automated process requires knowledge of how the org.eclipse.pde.build scripts work.  I have gotten a build created, but not for JNLP. Questions: Has anyone ever deployed RCP through JNLP? Were you able to automate the builds?"}
{'questionId': '6222', 'question': "Is anyone successfully using the latest 64-bit Ganymede release of Eclipse on Windows XP or Vista 64-bit? Currently I run the normal Eclipse 3.4 distribution on a 32bit JDK and launch & compile my apps with a 64bit JDK. Our previous experience has been that the 64bit Eclipse distro is unstable for us, so I'm curious if anyone is using it successfully. We are using JDK 1.6.0_05."}
{'questionId': '6392', 'question': 'I am running a Tomcat application, and I need to display some time values.  Unfortunately, the time is coming up an hour off.  I looked into it and discovered that my default TimeZone is being set to: Rather than the Pacific time zone.  This is further indicated when I try to print the default time zone\'s display name, and it comes up "GMT-08:00", which seems to indicate to me that it is not correctly set to the US Pacific time zone.  I am running on Ubuntu Hardy Heron, upgraded from Gutsy Gibbon. Is there a configuration file I can update to tell the JRE to use Pacific with all the associated daylight savings time information?  The time on my machine shows correctly, so it doesn\'t seem to be an OS-wide misconfiguration. Ok, here\'s an update. A coworker suggested I update JAVA_OPTS in my /etc/profile to include "-Duser.timezone=US/Pacific", which worked (I also saw CATALINA_OPTS, which I updated as well). Actually, I just exported the change into the variables rather than use the new /etc/profile (a reboot later will pick up the changes and I will be golden). However, I still think there is a better solution... there should be a configuration for Java somewhere that says what timezone it is using, or how it is grabbing the timezone. If someone knows such a setting, that would be awesome, but for now this is a decent workaround. I am using 1.5, and it is most definitely a DST problem.  As you can see, the time zone is set to not use daylight savings.  My belief is it is generically set to -8 offset rather than the specific Pacific timezone.  Since the generic -8 offset has no daylight savings info, it\'s of course not using it, but the question is, where do I tell Java to use Pacific time zone when it starts up?  I\'m NOT looking for a programmatic solution, it should be a configuration solution.'}
{'questionId': '6612', 'question': "On a recent Java project, we needed a free Java based real-time data plotting utility.  After much searching, we found this tool called the Scientific Graphics Toolkit or SGT from NOAA.  It seemed pretty robust, but we found out that it wasn't terribly configurable.  Or at least not configurable enough to meet our needs.  We ended up digging very deeply into the Java code and reverse engineering the code and changing it all around to make the plot tool look and act the way we wanted it to look and act.  Of course, this killed any chance for future upgrades from NOAA.   So what free or cheap Java based data plotting tools or libraries do you use? Followup:  Thanks for the JFreeChart suggestions.  I checked out their website and it looks like a very nice data charting and plotting utility.  I should have made it clear in my original question that I was looking specifically to plot real-time data.  I corrected my question above to make that point clear.  It appears that JFreeChart support for live data is marginal at best, though.  Any other suggestions out there?"}
{'questionId': '6639', 'question': 'How should I load files into my Java application?'}
{'questionId': '6658', 'question': 'At work we are currently still using JUnit 3 to run our tests. We have been considering switching over to JUnit 4 for new tests being written but I have been keeping an eye on TestNG for a while now. What experiences have you all had with either JUnit 4 or TestNG, and which seems to work better for very large numbers of tests? Having flexibility in writing tests is also important to us since our functional tests cover a wide aspect and need to be written in a variety of ways to get results. Old tests will not be re-written as they do their job just fine. What I would like to see in new tests though is flexibility in the way the test can be written, natural assertions, grouping, and easily distributed test executions.'}
{'questionId': '6765', 'question': "I'm going to start a new project - rewriting an existing system (PHP + SQL Server) from scratch because of some very serious limitations by design. We have some quite good knowledge of SQL Server (currently we're using SQL Server 2000 in existing system) and we would like to employ its newer version (2008 I guess) in our new project. I am really fond of technologies that Java offers - particularly Spring Framework and Wicket and I am quite familiar with Java from others projects and assignments before. Therefore, we consider using Java and Microsoft SQL Server. There are two JDBC drivers for SQL Server - jTDS and Microsoft's one - http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/data/aa937724.aspx. I think we should test both of them. Are there any limitations in such solution I should know of? Has someone experience with such a technology combination?"}
{'questionId': '6816', 'question': "I was hoping someone could help me out with a problem I'm having using the java search function in Eclipse on a particular project. When using the java search on one particular project, I get an error message saying Class file name must end with .class (see stack trace below). This does not seem to be happening on all projects, just one particular one, so perhaps there's something I should try to get rebuilt? I have already tried Project -> Clean... and Closing Eclipse, deleting all the built class files and restarting Eclipse to no avail. The only reference I've been able to find on Google for the problem is at http://www.crazysquirrel.com/computing/java/eclipse/error-during-java-search.jspx, but unfortunately his solution (closing, deleting class files, restarting) did not work for me. If anyone can suggest something to try, or there's any more info I can gather which might help track it's down, I'd greatly appreciate the pointers. Also just found this thread - http://www.myeclipseide.com/PNphpBB2-viewtopic-t-20067.html - which indicates the same problem may occur when the project name contains a period. Unfortunately, that's not the case in my setup, so I'm still stuck. Thanks McDowell, closing and opening the project seems to have fixed it (at least for now)."}
{'questionId': '7269', 'question': 'I\'m part of a team that develops a pretty big Swing Java Applet. Most of our code are legacy and there are tons of singleton references. We\'ve bunched all of them to a single "Application Context" singleton. What we now need is to create some way to separate the shared context (shared across all applets currently showing) and non-shared context (specific to each applet currently showing).  However, we don\'t have an ID at each of the locations that call to the singleton, nor do we want to propagate the ID to all locations. What\'s the easiest way to identify in which applet context we\'re running? (I\'ve tried messing with classloaders, thread groups, thread ids... so far I could find nothing that will enable me to ID the origin of the call).'}
{'questionId': '7539', 'question': 'Recently I tried understanding the use of java.math.MathContext but failed to understand properly. Is it used for rounding in java.math.BigDecimal, if yes why does not it round the decimal digits but even mentissa part. From API docs, I came to know that it follows the standard specified in ANSI X3.274-1996 and ANSI X3.274-1996/AM 1-2000 specifications but I did not get them to read online. Please let me know if you have any idea on this.'}
{'questionId': '7596', 'question': 'First of all, I know how to build a Java application. But I have always been puzzled about where to put my classes. There are proponents for organizing the packages in a strictly domain oriented fashion, others separate by tier. I myself have always had problems with a) with naming, b) with placing Where do you put your domain specific constants (and what is the best name for such a class)? Where do you put classes for stuff which is both infrastructural and domain specific (for instance I have a FileStorageStrategy class, which stores the files either in the database, or alternatively in database)? Where to put Exceptions? Are there any standards to which I can refer?'}
{'questionId': '7661', 'question': "Searching for some sample code for converting a point in WGS84 coordinate system to a map position in Google Maps (pixel position), also supporting zoom levels.  If the codes is well commented, then it can also be in some other language. You can also point me to a open source Java project :) Some resources found: OpenLayer implementation.  JOSM project Excellent Java Map Projection Library  from JH LABS. This is a pure java PROJ.4 port. Does projection from WGS84 to meters. From there it's quite straightforward to convert meters to tile pixels."}
{'questionId': '7681', 'question': "What is the best way to verify/test that a text string is serialized to a byte array with a certain encoding? In my case, I want to verify that an XML structure is serialized to a byte array with the UTF-8 encoding which is of variable character length. As an example, my current ugly procedure is to inject a character known to require two bytes into the structure before serializing, then replacing the two-byte character with an ASCII character and comparing the serialized array lengths. This should yield two serialized arrays where the array containing the two-byte characters should have length +1. Plus if the solution is elegant for Java.  I can't think of any elegant way to seek for a byte sequence in a byte array. (Could be used to seek for a known byte sequence representing the desired character representation in UTF-8.)"}
{'questionId': '7720', 'question': "I am writing an application in Java for the desktop using the Eclipse SWT library for GUI rendering.  I think SWT helps Java get over the biggest hurdle for acceptance on the desktop: namely providing a Java application with a consistent, responsive interface that looks like that belonging to any other app on your desktop.  However, I feel that packaging an application is still an issue.   OS X natively provides an easy mechanism for wrapping Java apps in native application bundles, but producing an app for Windows/Linux that doesn't require the user to run an ugly batch file or click on a .jar is still a hassle.  Possibly that's not such an issue on Linux, where the user is likely to be a little more tech-savvy, but on Windows I'd like to have a regular .exe for him/her to run. Has anyone had any experience with any of the .exe generation tools for Java that are out there?  I've tried JSmooth but had various issues with it.  Is there a better solution before I crack out Visual Studio and roll my own? Edit:  I should perhaps mention that I am unable to spend a lot of money on a commercial solution."}
{'questionId': '7779', 'question': "I have read through several reviews on Amazon and some books seem outdated.  I am currently using MyEclipse 6.5 which is using Eclipse 3.3.  I'm interested in hearing from people that have experience learning RCP and what reference material they used to get started."}
{'questionId': '8219', 'question': "At my work we are running a group of tests that consist of about 3,000 separate test cases. Previously we were running this entire test suite on one machine, which took about 24-72 hours to complete the entire test run. We now have created our own system for grouping and distributing the tests among about three separate machines and the tests are prioritized so that the core tests get run first for more immediate results and the extra tests run when there is an available machine. I am curious if anyone has found a good way to distribute their tests among several machines to reduce total test time for a complete run and what tools were used to achieve that. I've done some research and it looks like TestNG is moving in this direction, but it looks like it is still under quite a bit of development.  We don't plan on rewriting any of our tests, but as we add new tests and test new products or add-ons I'd like to be able to deal with the fact that we are working with very large numbers of tests. On the other hand, if we can find a tool that would help distribute our Junit 3.x tests even in a very basic fashion, that would be helpful since we wouldn't have to maintain our own tooling to do that."}
{'questionId': '8318', 'question': "I need to prevent Session Fixation, a particular type of session hijacking, in a Java web application running in JBoss. However, it appears that the standard idiom doesn't work in JBoss. Can this be worked around?"}
{'questionId': '8569', 'question': "I'm currently trying to get into the Java EE development with the Spring framework. As I'm new to Spring, it is hard to imaging how a good running project should start off. Do you have any best practices, tipps or major DO NOTs for a starter? How did you start with Spring - big project or small tutorial-like applications? Which technology did you use right away: AOP, complex Hibernate..."}
{'questionId': '8599', 'question': "Can anyone recommend a good binary XML format? It's for a JavaME application, so it needs to be a) Easy to implement on the server, and b) Easy to write a low-footprint parser for on a low-end JavaME client device. And it goes without saying that it needs to be smaller than XML, and faster to parse. The data would be something akin to SVG."}
{'questionId': '8968', 'question': 'We need to add WorkFlow to our Spring managed application. Does anyone have any useful experience in using any of the myriad of OSS Work Flow solutions? Which one is best? Which one integrates with Spring best? Which ones should we avoid?'}
{'questionId': '9044', 'question': 'I have a base class that represents a database test in TestNG, and I want to specify that all classes extending from this class are of a group "db-test", however I have found that this doesn\'t seem possible.  I have tried the @Test annotation: However, this doesn\'t work because the @Test annotation will try to make a bunch of methods into tests, and warnings/errors pop up in eclipse when the tests are run. So I tried disabling the test, so at least the groups are assigned: but then any @BeforeTest (and other similar annotations) ALSO get disabled... which is of course not what I want. I would like some way to annotate a class as being of a particular type of group, but it doesn\'t quite seem possible in TestNG.  Does anyone have any other ideas?'}
{'questionId': '9361', 'question': "I'd like to utilize an ICE Faces fileInput control to fill in the file path & file name for the input to an input field on a web page based on file that the user selects. How can I capture these properties without actually performing any file transfer operations?"}
{'questionId': '10042', 'question': "What's the best way to make a linked list in Java?"}
{'questionId': '10506', 'question': 'I am having a strange DB2 issue when I run DBUnit tests.  My DBUnit tests are highly customized, but I don\'t think it is the issue.  When I run the tests, I get a failure:  SQLCODE: -1084, SQLSTATE: 57019 which translates to  SQL1084C Shared memory segments cannot be allocated. It sounds like a weird memory issue, though here\'s the big strange thing.  If I ssh to the test database server, then go in to db2 and do "connect to MY_DB", the tests start succeeding!  This seems to have no relation to the supposed memory error that is being reported. I have 2 tests, and the first one actually succeeds, the second one is the one that fails.  However, it fails in the DBUnit setup code, when it is obtaining the connection to the DB server to load my xml dataset. Any ideas what might be going on?'}
{'questionId': '10586', 'question': "I'm currently trying to read in an XML file, make some minor changes (alter the value of some attributes), and write it back out again. I have intended to use a StAX parser (javax.xml.stream.XMLStreamReader) to read in each event, see if it was one I wanted to change, and then pass it straight on to the StAX writer (javax.xml.stream.XMLStreamReader) if no changes were required. Unfortunately, that doesn't look to be so simple - The writer has no way to take an event type and a parser object, only methods like writeAttribute and writeStartElement. Obviously I could write a big switch statement with a case for every possible type of element which can occur in an XML document, and just write it back out again, but it seems like a lot of trouble for something which seems like it should be simple. Is there something I'm missing that makes it easy to write out a very similar XML document to the one you read in with StAX?"}
{'questionId': '10980', 'question': "I have been looking into IKVMing Apache's FOP project to use with our .NET app.  It's a commercial product, and looking into licensing, IKVM runs into some sticky areas because of its use of GNU Classpath.  From what I've seen, no one can say for sure if this stuff can be used in a commercial product.  Has anyone used IKVM, or an IKVM'd product, in a commercial product?  Here's what I've found so far: IKVM license page, which notes that one dll contains code from other projects, their license GPLv2 + Classpath Exception Saxon for .NET is generated with IKVM, but released under the Apache license... Anyone have experience with this?"}
{'questionId': '11088', 'question': "In Java, there is no such thing as an unsigned byte. Working with some low level code, occasionally you need to work with bytes that have unsigned values greater than 128, which causes Java to interpret them as a negative number due to the MSB being used for sign. What's a good way to work around this? (Saying don't use Java is not an option)"}
{'questionId': '11338', 'question': "I'm working on building an app to scan directly from TWAIN scanner to a Java applet. I'm already aware of Morena and JTwain, but they cost money. I need free. I could re-invent the wheel with JNI, but it seems like someone has probably already done this as a FOSS tool. Is anyone familiar with a free tool that can get a Java applet to read directly from a TWAIN scanner?"}
{'questionId': '11341', 'question': 'I would like to automatically generate PDF documents from WebObjects based on mulitpage forms. Assuming I have a class which can assemble the related forms (java/wod files) is there a good way to then parse the individaul forms into a PDF instead of going to the screen?'}
{'questionId': '11561', 'question': 'I\'ve used Apache CXF to expose about ten java classes as web services. I\'ve generated clients using CXF, Axis, and .NET. In Axis and CXF a "Service" or "Locator" is generated.  From this service you can get a "Port". The "Port" is used to make individual calls to the methods exposed by the web service. In .NET the "Service" directly exposes the calls to the web service. Can someone explain the difference between a port, a service, a locator, and an endpoint when it comes to web services? Axis: CXF: .net:'}
{'questionId': '11930', 'question': "How can I determine the IP of my router/gateway in Java? I can get my IP easily enough. I can get my internet IP using a service on a website. But how can I determine my gateway's IP? This is somewhat easy in .NET if you know your way around. But how do you do it in Java?"}
{'questionId': '12088', 'question': "I wonder if anyone uses commercial/free java obfuscators on his own commercial product. I know only about one project that actually had an obfuscating step in the ant build step for releases. Do you obfuscate? And if so, why do you obfuscate? Is it really a way to protect the code or is it just a better feeling for the developers/managers? edit: Ok, I to be exact about my point: Do you obfuscate to protect your IP (your algorithms, the work you've put into your product)? I won't obfuscate for security reasons, that doesn't feel right. So I'm only talking about protecting your applications code against competitors. @staffan has a good point: The reason to stay away from chaining code flow is that some of those changes makes it impossible for the JVM to efficiently optimize the code. In effect it will actually degrade the performance of your application."}
{'questionId': '12144', 'question': "OK, so I don't want to start a holy-war here, but we're in the process of trying to consolidate the way we handle our application configuration files and we're struggling to make a decision on the best approach to take. At the moment, every application we distribute is using it's own ad-hoc configuration files, whether it's property files (ini style), XML or JSON (internal use only at the moment!). Most of our code is Java at the moment, so we've been looking at Apache Commons Config, but we've found it to be quite verbose. We've also looked at XMLBeans, but it seems like a lot of faffing around. I also feel as though I'm being pushed towards XML as a format, but my clients and colleagues are apprehensive about trying something else. I can understand it from the client's perspective, everybody's heard of XML, but at the end of the day, shouldn't be using the right tool for the job? What formats and libraries are people using in production systems these days, is anyone else trying to avoid the angle bracket tax? Edit: really needs to be a cross platform solution: Linux, Windows, Solaris etc. and the choice of library used to interface with configuration files is just as important as the choice of format."}
{'questionId': '12870', 'question': 'This is a nasty one for me...  I\'m a PHP guy working in Java on a JSP project.  I know how to do what I\'m attempting through too much code and a complete lack of finesse.   I\'d prefer to do it RIGHT. :) Here is the situation: I\'m writing a small display to show customers what days they can water their lawns based on their watering group (ABCDE) and what time of year it is.  Our seasons look like this: Summer (5-1 to 8-31)  Spring  (3-1 to 4-30)  Fall (9-1 to 10-31) Winter (11-1 to 2-28)  An example might be: If I\'m in group A, here would be my allowed times: Winter: Mondays only Spring: Tues, Thurs, Sat Summer: Any Day Fall: Tues, Thurs, Sat If I was writing this in PHP I would use arrays like this: I COULD make the days arrays (array("Tuesday","Thursday","Saturday")) etc, but it is not necessary for what I\'m really trying to accomplish. I will also need to setup arrays to determine what season I\'m in: Can anyone suggest a really cool way to do this? I will have today\'s date and the group letter.  I will need to get out of my function a day (M) or a series of days (tTS), (Any). Thanks, folks!'}
{'questionId': '12877', 'question': 'I just get the beach ball all day long (it\'s been doing nothing for hours). It\'s not taking CPU, not reading from disk, not using the network. I\'m using Java 1.6 on Mac OS X 10.5.4. It worked once, now even restarts of the computer won\'t help. Activity Monitor says it\'s "(Not Responding)". Only thing that I can do is kill -9 that sucker. When I sample the process I see this: An acceptable answer that doesn\'t fix this would include a url for a decent free Oracle client for the Mac. Edit: @Mark Harrison sadly this happens every time I start it up, it\'s not an old connection. I\'ll like to avoid running Windows on my laptop. I\'m giving some plugins for my IDE a whirl, but still no solution for me. @Matthew Schinckel Navicat seems to only have a non-commercial Oracle product...I need a commercial friendly one (even if it costs money).'}
{'questionId': '12927', 'question': "I am calling a vendor's Java API, and on some servers it appears that the JVM goes into a low priority polling loop after logging into the API (CPU at 100% usage).  The same app on other servers does not exhibit this behavior. This happens on WebSphere and Tomcat.  The environment is tricky to set up so it is difficult to try to do something like profiling within Eclipse. Is there a way to profile (or some other method of inspecting) an existing Java app running in Tomcat to find out what methods are being executed while it's in this spinwait kind of state?  The app is only executing one method when it gets in this state (vendor's method). Vendor can't replicate the behavior (of course). Update:   Using JConsole I was able to determine who was running and what they were doing.  It took me a few hours to then figure out why it was doing it.  The problem ended up being that the vendor's API jar that was being used did not match exactly to the the database configuration that it was using.  It was defaulting to having tracing and performance monitoring enabled on the servers that had the slight mis-match in configuration.  I used a different jar and all is well. So thanks, Joshua, for your answer. JConsole was extremely easy to setup and use to monitor an existing application.  @Cringe - I did some experimenting with some of the options you suggested.  I had some problems with getting JProfiler set up, it looks good (but pricey).  Going forward I went ahead and added the Eclipse Profiler plugin and I'll be looking over the different open source profilers to compare functionality."}
{'questionId': '13225', 'question': 'I\'ve recently inherited a internationalized and text-heavy Struts 1.1 web application. Many of the JSP files look like: and the properties files look like: with the appropriate translations in N other languages (messages_fr.properties, etc). Problems: DRY violation - I have N references to my Struts action URLs instead of 1, which makes refactoring action URLs error-prone. Mixed concerns - My application\'s markup is now in more than just my JSP files, making it difficult for a web specialist to tweak the markup (using CSS, etc). Post-translation markup - Anytime I receive newly-translated text, I must decide what to surround with the <a>...</a> markup. Easy for English but less so for unfamiliar languages. I\'ve considered adding placeholders in the messages file, like: but then the words "address" and "contact information" would somehow need to be localized, wrapped with markup, and passed to my message tag - and I can\'t see an easy way to do it. What can I do to improve this?'}
{'questionId': '13751', 'question': 'How can I permanently have line numbers in IntelliJ?'}
{'questionId': '13863', 'question': "I have been trying to find an easy way to parse a search query and convert it to an SQL query for my DB.  I have found two solutions: Lucene: Powerful Java-based search engine, contains a query parser but it isn't very configurable and I could find a way to easily hack/adapt it to create SQL queries. ANTLR: A veteran text lexer-parser. Used for building anything from compilers to sky scrapers. ANTLR is highly configurable but everyone touching the code from now on will have to learn a new language... Any other ideas?"}
{'questionId': '14397', 'question': "Currently we have a project with a standard subversion repository layout of: ./trunk ./branches ./tags However, as we're moving down the road of OSGi and a modular project, we've ended up with: ./trunk/bundle/main ./trunk/bundle/modulea ./trunk/bundle/moduleb ./tags/bundle/main-1.0.0 ./tags/bundle/main-1.0.1 ./tags/bundle/modulea-1.0.0 The 'build' is still quite monolithic in that it builds all modules in sequence, though I'm starting to wonder if we should refactor the build/repository to something more like: ./bundle/main/trunk ./bundle/main/tags/main-1.0.0 ./bundle/main/tags/main-1.0.1 ./bundle/modulea/trunk ./bundle/modulea/tags/modulea-1.0.0   In this pattern I would imagine each module building itself, and storing its binary in a repository (maven, ivy, or another path of the subversion repository itself). Are there guidelines or 'best-practices' over project layouts once one goes modular?"}
{'questionId': '14617', 'question': "I'm trying to retrieve a file from a server using SFTP (as opposed to FTPS) using Java. How can I do this?"}
{'questionId': '14801', 'question': "Suppose you have the following EJB 3 interfaces/classes: And then another bean that accesses the FooRepository bean : However, the overriding method is never executed when the delete method of the FooRepository bean is called. Instead, only the implementation of the delete method that is defined in AbstractRepository is executed.  What am I doing wrong or is it simply a limitation of Java/EJB 3 that generics and inheritance don't play well together yet ?"}
{'questionId': '15305', 'question': "I'm just about to make my first trip into the world of JNI (Java Native Interface) to provide file system change notifications from platform specific C/C++ code to Java. That is unless someone suggest some brilliant library for doing this that I've missed. Being new to JNI I've managed to find much documentation on the interface side of it and library generation side of it, but I've not found much on building the native library. I've got an existing build based on ant for the pre-existing Java source, so I'm trying to work out if I should get ant to call make  to create the library or if it's best to get make to call ant after creating the library? Neither option jumps out as being terribly nice, but both seem better than trying to get ant to call a compiler to compile the code and generate the library directly."}
{'questionId': '15481', 'question': 'Sometimes a labeled break or continue can make code a lot more readable.  I was wondering what the common convention for the labels was. All caps? first cap?'}
{'questionId': '15496', 'question': 'After reading Hidden Features of C# I wondered, What are some of the hidden features of Java?'}
{'questionId': '15649', 'question': "The Gang of Four's Design Patterns uses a word processor as an example for at least a few of their patterns, particularly Composite and Flyweight. Other than by using C or C++, could you really use those patterns and the object-oriented overhead they entail to write a high-performing fully featured word processor?  I know that Eclipse is written in Java but I haven't used it much so I don't know if it's all that fast or as polished as something like Visual Studio, which has a C++ based text editing system. I only used C++ and Java as examples. The question has more to do with the overhead of having a lot of in-memory objects like you would in an application such as a word processor or even a game.  Design patterns promote abstraction at the expense of parsimony even though they usually point out when you might take some kind of performance hit. Word processors and especially games get the most benefit from being as close to the metal as possible.  I was just wondering if anyone knew of an fast object-oriented word processor or text editor that wasn't written in C++, and whether they'd build one using patterns or would they forgoe a lot of the abstracting away of things?"}
{'questionId': '15690', 'question': "It's been mentioned to me that I'll be the sole developer behind a large new system.  Among other things I'll be designing a UI and database schema. I'm sure I'll receive some guidance, but I'd like to be able to knock their socks off.  What can I do in the meantime to prepare, and what will I need to keep in mind when I sit down at my computer with the spec? A few things to keep in mind: I'm a college student at my first real programming job.  I'll be using Java.  We already have SCM set up with automated testing, etc...so tools are not an issue."}
{'questionId': '15695', 'question': "The company I just started working for is using Stripes for parts of its web page development these days, and while it seems to be a nice enough web framework it no one really uses it-- it is almost non existent on the 'net. It's not even first in it's google search and the result you do get is for its old home page. So, do any of you people use Stripes? Of your own volition? Do you know of any good tutorials / examples?"}
{'questionId': '15732', 'question': "I'm generating some xml files that needs to conform to an xsd file that was given to me.  What's the best way to verify they conform?"}
{'questionId': '15851', 'question': 'After I was convinced that labeled breaks/continues are a total "nono" over here, I need help to remove the label out of my code. I have a square matrix and a vector that has the same length. The vector has already some values in it an depending on the values in the matrix the vector is changed in the loop. I hope, the code-fragment is basically understandable  Please convince me, that there is a more readable/better version without the labels.'}
{'questionId': '15899', 'question': 'I have a XmlDocument in java, created with the Weblogic XmlDocument parser. I want to replace the content of a tag in this XMLDocument with my own data, or insert the tag if it isn\'t there. I for example want to insert some URL in the location tag: but otherwise leave the XML as is. Currently I use a XMLCursor: I tried to find a "quick" xquery way to do this since the XmlDocument has an execQuery method, but didn\'t find it very easy.  Do anyone have a better way than this? It seems a bit elaborate.'}
{'questionId': '15949', 'question': "I have a tomcat instance setup but the database connection I have configured in context.xml keeps dying after periods of inactivity. When I check the logs I get the following error: com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.CommunicationsException:  The last packet successfully received from the server was68051 seconds  ago. The last packet sent successfully to the server was 68051 seconds  ago, which is longer than the server configured value of  'wait_timeout'. You should consider either expiring and/or testing  connection validity before use in your application, increasing the  server configured values for client timeouts, or using the Connector/J  connection property 'autoReconnect=true' to avoid this problem. Here is the configuration in context.xml: I am using autoReconnect=ture like the error says to do, but the connection keeps dying. I have never seen this happen before. I have also verified that all database connections are being closed properly."}
{'questionId': '16140', 'question': 'What makes a module/service/bit of application functionality a particularly good candidate for an OSGi module?  I\'m interested in using OSGi in my applications. We\'re a Java shop and we use Spring pretty extensively, so I\'m leaning toward using Spring Dynamic Modules for OSGi(tm) Service Platforms. I\'m looking for a good way to incorporate a little bit of OSGi into an application as a trial. Has anyone here used this or a similar OSGi technology? Are there any pitfalls?  @Nicolas - Thanks, I\'ve seen that one. It\'s a good tutorial, but I\'m looking more for ideas on how to do my first "real" OSGi bundle, as opposed to a Hello World example. @david - Thanks for the link! Ideally, with a greenfield app, I\'d design the whole thing to be dynamic. What I\'m looking for right now, though, is to introduce it in a small piece of an existing application. Assuming I can pick any piece of the app, what are some factors to consider that would make that piece better or worse as an OSGi guinea pig?'}
{'questionId': '16451', 'question': "I need to call a web service written in .NET from Java.  The web service implements the WS-Security stack (either WSE 2 or WSE 3, it's not clear from the information I have).   The information that I received from the service provider included WSDL, a policyCache.config file, some sample C# code, and a sample application that can successfully call the service. This isn't as useful as it sounds because it's not clear how I'm supposed to use this information to write a Java client.  If the web service request isn't signed according to the policy then it is rejected by the service.  I'm trying to use Apache Axis2 and I can't find any instructions on how I'm supposed to use the policyCahce.config file and the WSDL to generate a client. There are several examples that I have found on the Web but in all cases the authors of the examples had control of both the service and the client and so were able to make tweaks on both sides in order to get it to work.  I'm not in that position. Has anyone done this successfully?"}
{'questionId': '16487', 'question': "I am using SourceForge for some Open Source projects and I want to automate the deployment of releases to the SourceForge File Release System. I use Maven for my builds and the standard SFTP deployment mechanism doesn't seem to work unless you do some manual preparation work. I have come across some old postings on other forums suggesting that the only approach is to write a Wagon specifically for SourceForge. Has anybody had any recent experience with this?"}
{'questionId': '16557', 'question': 'I have always thought that the .equals() method in java should be overridden to be made specific to the class you have created. In other words to look for equivalence of two different instances rather than two references to the same instance. However I have encountered other programmers who seem to think that the default object behavior should be left alone and a new method created for testing equivalence of two objects of the same class.  What are the argument for and against overriding the equals method?'}
{'questionId': '16689', 'question': 'I have two programs. One is in C# and another one in Java. Those programs will, most probably, always run on the same machine. What would be the best way to let them talk to each other? So, to clarify the problem: This is a personal project (so professional/costly libraries are a no go). The message volume is low, there will be about 1 to 2 messages per second. The messages are small, a few primitive types should do the trick. I would like to keep the complexity low. The java application is deployed as a single jar as a plugin for another application. So the less external libraries I have to merge, the better. I have total control over the C# application. As said earlier, both application have to run on the same computer. Right now, my solution would be to use sockets with some sort of csv-like format.'}
{'questionId': '16935', 'question': 'I\'m trying to compile over 100 java classes from different packages from a clean directory (no incremental compiles) using the following ant tasks: However, the first time I run the compile task I always get a StackOverflowException. If I run the task again the compiler does an incremental build and everything works fine. This is undesirable since we are using CruiseControl to do an automatic daily build and this is causing false build failures. As a quick-and-dirty solution I have created 2 separate tasks, compiling portions of the project in each. I really don\'t think this solution will hold as more classes are added in the future, and I don\'t want to be adding new compile tasks every time we hit the "compile limit".'}
{'questionId': '17373', 'question': "How do I open the default mail program with a Subject and Body in a cross-platform way? Unfortunately, this is for a a client app written in Java, not a website. I would like this to work in a cross-platform way (which means Windows and Mac, sorry Linux). I am happy to execute a VBScript in Windows, or AppleScript in OS X. But I have no idea what those scripts should contain. I would love to execute the user's default program vs. just searching for Outlook or whatever. In OS X, I have tried executing the command: URL escaping is needed to replace spaces with %20. Updated On Windows, you have to play all sorts of games to get start to run correctly. Here is the proper Java incantation:"}
{'questionId': '17645', 'question': 'Am I correct in assuming that the only difference between "windows files" and "unix files" is the linebreak?  We have a system that has been moved from a windows machine to a unix machine and are having troubles with the format. I need to automate the translation between unix/windows before the files get delivered to the system in our "transportsystem". I\'ll probably need something to determine the current format and something to transform it into the other format. If it\'s just the newline thats the big difference then I\'m considering just reading the files with the java.io. As far as I know, they are able to handle both with readLine. And then just write each line back with  Summary: samjudson: This is only a difference in text files, where UNIX uses a single Line Feed (LF) to signify a new line, Windows uses a Carriage Return/Line Feed (CRLF) and Mac uses just a CR. to which Cebjyre elaborates:  OS X uses LF, the same as UNIX - MacOS 9 and below did use CR though Mo There could also be a difference in character encoding for national characters. There is no "unix-encoding" but many linux-variants use UTF-8 as the default encoding. Mac OS (which is also a unix) uses its own encoding (macroman). I am not sure, what windows default encoding is. McDowell In addition to the new-line differences, the byte-order mark can cause problems if files are treated as Unicode on Windows. Cheekysoft However, another set of problems that you may come across can be related to single/multi-byte character encodings. If you see strange unexpected chars (not at end-of-line) then this could be the reason. Especially if you see square boxes, question marks, upside-down question marks, extra characters or unexpected accented characters. Sadie On unix, files that start with a . are hidden. On windows, it\'s a filesystem flag that you probably don\'t have easy access to. This may result in files that are supposed to be hidden now becoming visible on the client machines. File permissions vary between the two. You will probably find, when you copy files onto a unix system, that the files now belong to the user that did the copying and have limited rights. You\'ll need to use chown/chmod to make sure the correct users have access to them. There exists tools to help with the problem: pauldoo If you are just interested in the content of text files, then yes the line endings are different. Take a look at something like dos2unix, it may be of help here. Cheekysoft As pauldoo suggests, tools like dos2unix can be very useful. Note that these may be on your linux/unix system as fromdos or tofrodos, or perhaps even as the general purpose toolbox recode. Help for java coding Cheekysoft When writing to files or reading from files (that you are in control of), it is often worth specifying the encoding to use, as most Java methods allow this. However, also ensuring that the system locale matches can save a lot of pain'}
{'questionId': '17944', 'question': "I'm thinking in particular of how to display pagination controls, when using a language such as C# or Java. If I have x items which I want to display in chunks of y per page, how many pages will be needed?"}
{'questionId': '17993', 'question': "We've been developing a windows based application using Java for a while now, but NOW we want to make a mac port and have to reverse of code from Java 6 and Java 5.  Is there any easy way to do this rather than re-coding Java 6 specific code?  We'd like to keep our code up to date."}
{'questionId': '18524', 'question': "I have a list of integers, List<Integer> and I'd like to convert all the integer objects into Strings, thus finishing up with a new List<String>. Naturally, I could create a new List<String> and loop through the list calling String.valueOf() for each integer, but I was wondering if there was a better (read: more automatic) way of doing it?"}
{'questionId': '18538', 'question': "I'd like some sorthand for this: given the way the GDK stuff is, I'd expect to be able to do something like: but I haven't seen anything in the docs... am I missing something? or am I just way too lazy?"}
{'questionId': '19011', 'question': "I am developing a J2ME application that has a large amount of data to store on the device (in the region of 1MB but variable). I can't rely on the file system so I'm stuck the Record Management System (RMS), which allows multiple record stores but each have a limited size. My initial target platform, Blackberry, limits each to 64KB. I'm wondering if anyone else has had to tackle the problem of storing a large amount of data in the RMS and how they managed it? I'm thinking of having to calculate record sizes and split one data set accross multiple stores if its too large, but that adds a lot of complexity to keep it intact. There is lots of different types of data being stored but only one set in particular will exceed the 64KB limit."}
{'questionId': '19295', 'question': "I'd like to use a database to store i18n key/value pairs so we can modify / reload the i18n data at runtime. Has anyone done this? Or does anyone have an idea of how to implement this? I've read several threads on this, but I haven't seen a workable solution. I'm specifically refering to something that would work with the jstl tags such as I think this will involve extending ResourceBundle, but when I tried this I ran into problems that had to do with the way the jstl tags get the resource bundle."}
{'questionId': '19347', 'question': "At my university most of my classes have been in Java.  I have also recently learned C# (and the Visual Studio environment) at a summer internship.  Now I'm taking an Intro to Computer Graphics class and the grad student teaching the class prefers us to use C++ to access the OpenGL bindings via GLUT. Does anyone have any good resources on how to make a good transition from Java/C# to C++?  Obviously pointers are going to be a big issue, but any other things I should be looking out for?  Any tutorials, guides, etc. would be very helpful! Thanks!"}
{'questionId': '19766', 'question': 'What would be the best way to have a list of items with a checkbox each in Java Swing? I.e. a JList with items that have some text and a checkbox each?'}
{'questionId': '19838', 'question': "I've been trying to understand how Ruby blocks work, and to do that I've been trying to implement them in C. One easy way to implement closures is to pass a void* to the enclosing stack to the closure/function but Ruby blocks also seem to handle returns and break statements from the scope that uses the block. I think one of the closures proposals for Java works like this also. So, how would you implement Ruby-blocks/Java-closures in C?"}
{'questionId': '19893', 'question': "I have two applications written in Java that communicate with each other using XML messages over the network.  I'm using a SAX parser at the receiving end to get the data back out of the messages.  One of the requirements is to embed binary data in an XML message, but SAX doesn't like this.  Does anyone know how to do this? UPDATE:  I got this working with the Base64 class from the apache commons codec library, in case anyone else is trying something similar."}
{'questionId': '19952', 'question': "The RFC for a Java class is set of all methods that can be invoked in response to a message to an object of the class or by some method in the class.  RFC = M + R where  M = Number of methods in the class. R = Total number of other methods directly invoked from the M. Thinking C is the .class and J is the .java file of which we need to calculate RFC. here M=6 and R=9  (Don't worry about call inside a loop. It's considered as a single call) Calculating M is easy. Load C using classloader and use reflection to get the count of methods. Calculating R is not direct. We need to count the number of method calls from the class. First level only.  For calculating R I must use regex. Usually format would be (calls without using . are not counted) or with out semicolon when call return is directly becomes parameter to another method. or   this becomes two method calls What other patterns of the method call can you think of?  Is there any other way other than using RegEx that can be used to calculate R. UPDATE: @McDowell Looks like using BCEL I can simplify the whole process. Let me try it."}
{'questionId': '20003', 'question': 'I have a large application (~50 modules) using a structure similar to the following: Application   Communication modules Color communication module SSN communication module etc. communication module Router module Service modules Voting service module Web interface submodule for voting Vote collector submodule for voting etc. for voting Quiz service module etc. module I would like to import the application to Maven and Subversion. After some research I found that two practical approaches exists for this. One is using a tree structure just as the previous one. The drawback of this structure is that you need a ton of tweaking/hacks to get the multi-module reporting work well with Maven. Another downside is that in Subversion the standard trunk/tags/branches approach add even more complexity to the repository. The other approach uses a flat structure, where there are only one parent project and all the modules, submodules and parts-of-the-submodules are a direct child of the parent project. This approach works well for reporting and is easier in Subversion, however I feel I lose a bit of the structure this way. Which way would you choose in the long term and why?'}
{'questionId': '20034', 'question': 'Project Darkstar was the topic of the monthly JavaSIG meeting down at the Google offices in NYC last night.  For those that don\'t know (probably everyone), Project Darkstar is a framework for massively multiplayer online games that attempts to take care of all of the "hard stuff."  The basic idea is that you write your game server logic in such a way that all operations are broken up into tiny tasks.  You pass these tasks to the Project Darkstar framework which handles distributing them to a specific node in the cluster, any concurrency issues, and finally persisting the data. Apparently doing this kind of thing is a much different problem for video games than it is for enterprise applications.  Jim Waldo, who gave the lecture, claims that MMO games have a DB read/write ratio of 50/50, whereas enterprise apps are more like 90% read, 10% write.  He also claims that most existing MMOs keep everything in memory exlcusively, and only dump to a DB every 6 hours of so.  This means if a server goes down, you would lose all of the work since the last DB dump. Now, the project itself sounds really cool, but I don\'t think the industry will accept it.  First, you have to write your server code in Java.  The client code can be written in anything (Jim claims ActionScript 3 is the most popular, follow by C++), but the server stuff has to be Java.  Sounds good to me, but I really get the impression that everyone in the games industry hates Java. Second, unlike other industries where developers prefer to use existing frameworks and libraries, the guys in the games industry seem to like to write everything themselves.  Not only that, they like to rewrite everything for every new game they produce.  Things are starting to change where developers are using Havok for physics, Unreal Engine 3 as their platform, etc., but for the most part it looks like everything is still proprietary. So, are the guys at Project Darkstar just wasting their time?  Can a general framework like this really work for complex games with the performance that is required?  Even if it does work, are game companies willing to use it?'}
{'questionId': '20127', 'question': 'I am messing around with a toy interpreter in Java and I was considering trying to write a simple compiler that can generate bytecode for the Java Virtual Machine. Which got me thinking, how much optimization needs to be done by compilers that target virtual machines such as JVM and CLI? Do Just In Time (JIT) compilers do constant folding, peephole optimizations etc?'}
{'questionId': '20227', 'question': "Every method I write to encode a string in Java using 3DES can't be decrypted back to the original string.  Does anyone have a simple code snippet that can just encode and then decode the string back to the original string? I know I'm making a very silly mistake somewhere in this code. Here's what I've been working with so far: ** note, I am not returning the BASE64 text from the encrypt method, and I am not base64 un-encoding in the decrypt method because I was trying to see if I was making a mistake in the BASE64 part of the puzzle."}
{'questionId': '20778', 'question': "I have binary data in a file that I can read into a byte array and process with no problem.  Now I need to send parts of the data over a network connection as elements in an XML document.  My problem is that when I convert the data from an array of bytes to a String and back to an array of bytes, the data is getting corrupted.  I've tested this on one machine to isolate the problem to the String conversion, so I now know that it isn't getting corrupted by the XML parser or the network transport. What I've got right now is Does anyone know how to convert binary to String and back without data loss? Answered:  Thanks Sam.  I feel like an idiot.  I had this answered yesterday because my SAX parser was complaining.  For some reason when I ran into this seemingly separate issue, it didn't occur to me that it was a new symptom of the same problem. EDIT:  Just for the sake of completeness, I used the Base64 class from the Apache Commons Codec package to solve this problem."}
{'questionId': '20880', 'question': "I have a Java swing application with a panel that contains three JComboBoxes that do not draw properly. The combox boxes just show up as the down arrow on the right side, but without the label of the currently selected value. The boxes will redraw correctly if the window is resized either bigger or smaller by even one pixel. All of my googling has pointed to calling revalidate() on the JPanel to fix this, but that hasn't worked for me. Calling updateUI() on the JPanel has changed it from always displaying incorrectly to displaying incorrectly half of the time.   Has anyone else seen this and found a different way to force a redraw of the combo boxes?"}
{'questionId': '21207', 'question': "I'm currently trying out db4o (the java version) and I pretty much like what I see. But I cannot help wondering how it does perform in a real live (web-)environment. Does anyone have any experiences (good or bad) to share about running db4o?"}
{'questionId': '21211', 'question': 'This is a bit of a long shot, but if anyone can figure it out, you guys can... In Windows XP, is there any meta-data that comes with a cut and paste action, from which I can ascertain the application that provided the clipboard contents? Bonus question... if there is such information, is there any way I can access it through a Java app?'}
{'questionId': '21652', 'question': "I have some code that gives a user id to a utility that then send email to that user. MailException could be thrown for a number of reasons, problems with the email address, problems with the mail template etc. My question is this: do you create a new Exception type for every one of these exceptions and then deal with them individually or do you create one MailException and then store something in the exception (something computer-readable, not the description text) that allows us to do different things based on what actually happened. Edit: As a clarification, the exceptions aren't for logs and what-not, this relates to how code reacts to them. To keep going with the mail example, let's say that when we send mail it could fail because you don't have an email address, or it could because you don't have a valid email address, or it could fail.. etc. My code would want to react differently to each of these issues (mostly by changing the message returned to the client, but actual logic as well). Would it be best to have an exception implementation for each one of these issues or one umbrella exception that had something internal to it (an enum say) that let the code distinguish what kind of issue it was."}
{'questionId': '21738', 'question': 'Is anyone else having trouble running Swing applications from IntelliJ IDEA 8 Milestone 1?  Even the simplest application of showing an empty JFrame seems to crash the JVM.  I don\'t get a stack trace or anything, it looks like the JVM itself crashes and Windows shows me a pop-up that says the usual "This process is no longer responding" message. Console applications work fine, and my Swing code works fine when launching from Netbeans or from the command line. I\'m running Windows Vista x64 with the JDK 1.6 Update 10 beta, which may be a configuration the Jetbrains guys haven\'t run into yet.'}
{'questionId': '21817', 'question': 'The topic says the most of it - what is the reason for the fact that static methods can\'t be declared in an interface? The code above gives me the following error (in Eclipse, at least): "Illegal modifier for the interface method ITest.test(); only public & abstract are permitted".'}
{'questionId': '21934', 'question': 'Python uses the reference count method to handle object life time. So an object that has no more use will be immediately destroyed. But, in Java, the GC(garbage collector) destroys objects which are no longer used at a specific time. Why does Java choose this strategy and what is the benefit from this? Is this better than the Python approach?'}
{'questionId': '22115', 'question': 'I am writing a Java utility which helps me to generate loads of data for performance testing.  It would be really cool to be able to specify a regex for Strings so that my generator spits out things which match this.  Is there something out there already baked which I can use to do this?  Or is there a library which gets me most of the way there? Thanks'}
{'questionId': '22409', 'question': "I have a need to convert images from CMYK to RGB - not necessarily back again, but hey, if it can be done... With the release of ColdFusion 8, we got the CFImage tag, but it doesn't support this conversion; and nor does Image.cfc, or Alagad's Image Component. However, it should be possible in Java; which we can leverage through CF. For example, here's how you might create a Java thread to sleep a process: I would guess a similar method could be used to leverage java to do this image conversion, but not being a Java developer, I don't have a clue where to start. Can anyone lend a hand here?"}
{'questionId': '22697', 'question': "What's the best framework for creating mock objects in Java? Why? What are the pros and cons of each framework?"}
{'questionId': '22720', 'question': "I have a listening port on my server that I'm connecting to using a Java class and the Socket interface, i.e. I then grab an OutputStream, decorate with a PrintWriter in autoflush mode and I'm laughing - except if the listening port closes. Then I get  and I can't seem to detect the problem in the program - I've tried using the isConnected() method on the socket but it doesn't seem to know that the connection is closed. I want to be aware of the problem the next time I try and write to the Socket so that I can try and reconnect and report the issue. Any advice please? Thanks all"}
{'questionId': '22798', 'question': 'Has anyone got a working solution without some Java/COM-bridge? E.g. process the Email as a file (.msg) rather than locating the data that is referenced in the Clipboard?'}
{'questionId': '22816', 'question': 'I know the following libraries for drawing charts in an SWT/Eclipse RCP application: Eclipse BIRT Chart Engine (Links to an article on how to use it) JFreeChart Which other libraries are there for drawing pretty charts with SWT? Or charts in Java generally? After all, you can always display an image...'}
{'questionId': '23106', 'question': 'What is the best method to parse multiple, discrete, custom XML documents with Java?'}
{'questionId': '23372', 'question': "What would be the best method for getting a custom element (that is using J2ME native Graphics) painted on LWUIT elements? The custom element is an implementation from mapping library, that paints it's content (for example Google map) to Graphics object. How would it be possible to paint the result directly on LWUIT elements (at the moment I am trying to paint it on a Component).  Is the only way to write a wrapper in LWUIT package, that would expose the internal implementation of it? Edit: John: your solution looks like a lot of engineering :P What I ended up using is following wrapper: Now I can get the 'native' Graphics element from LWUIT. Paint on it - effectively painting on LWUIT image. And I can use the image to paint on a component. And it still looks like a hack :) But the real problem is 50kB of code overhead, even after obfuscation. But this is a issue for another post :) /JaanusSiim"}
{'questionId': '23402', 'question': 'Anything thats as good and as stable and as feature-rich as gigaspaces?'}
{'questionId': '23445', 'question': 'I have two collections of the same object, Collection<Foo> oldSet and Collection<Foo> newSet.  The required logic is as follow: if foo is in(*) oldSet but not newSet, call doRemove(foo) else if foo is not in oldSet but in newSet, call doAdd(foo) else if foo is in both collections but modified, call doUpdate(oldFoo, newFoo) else if !foo.activated && foo.startDate >= now, call doStart(foo) else if foo.activated && foo.endDate <= now, call doEnd(foo) (*) "in" means the unique identifier matches, not necessarily the content. The current (legacy) code does many comparisons to figure out removeSet, addSet, updateSet, startSet and endSet, and then loop to act on each item. The code is quite messy (partly because I have left out some spaghetti logic already) and I am trying to refactor it.  Some more background info: As far as I know, the oldSet and newSet are actually backed by ArrayList Each set contains less than 100 items, most likely max out at 20 This code is called frequently (measured in millions/day), although the sets seldom differ My questions: If I convert oldSet and newSet into HashMap<Foo> (order is not of concern here), with the IDs as keys, would it made the code easier to read and easier to compare?  How much of time & memory performance is loss on the conversion? Would iterating the two sets and perform the appropriate operation be more efficient and concise?'}
{'questionId': '23763', 'question': "I'm working on some code to colorize an image in Java. Basically what I'd like to do is something along the lines of GIMP's colorize command, so that if I have a BufferedImage and a Color, I can colorize the Image with the given color. Anyone got any ideas? My current best guess at doing something like this is to get the rgb value of each pixel in the BufferedImage and add the RGB value of the Color to it with some scaling factor."}
{'questionId': '23853', 'question': 'I am using Struts + Velocity in a Java application, but after I submit a form, the confirmation page (Velocity template) shows the variable names instead an empty label, like the Age in following example: Name: Fernando Age: {person.age} Sex: Male I would like to know how to hide it!'}
{'questionId': '23950', 'question': "What is the best method to get objects out of a BlockingQueue, in a concurrent program, without hitting a race condition?  I'm currently doing the following and I'm not convinced it is the best method: I have yet to hit a race condition... but, I'm none too sure if this is truly safe."}
{'questionId': '24221', 'question': 'What is the purpose of annotations in Java? I have this fuzzy idea of them as somewhere in between a comment and actual code. Do they affect the program at run time? What are their typical usages? Are they unique to Java? Is there a C++ equivalent?'}
{'questionId': '24495', 'question': 'I have a Struts + Velocity structure like for example, a Person class, whose one property is a Car object (with its own getter/setter methods) and it is mapped to a Velocity form that submits to an Action, using ModelDriven and getModel structure. I what to put a button on the form that shows "View Car" if car property is not null or car.id != 0 or show another button "Choose Car" if car is null or car.id = 0. How do I code this. I tried something like that in the template file: But I keep getting error about Null value in the #if line.  I also created a boolean method hasCar() in Person to try, but I can\'t access it and I don\'t know why. And Velocity + Struts tutorials are difficult to find or have good information. Thanks'}
{'questionId': '24551', 'question': "I've been programming in C# and Java recently and I am curious where the best place is to initialize my class fields. Should I do it at declaration?: or in a constructor?: I'm really curious what some of you veterans think is the best practice. I want to be consistent and stick to one approach."}
{'questionId': '24596', 'question': "I am considering creating my own website using Java and am trying to decide what framework to use. However, doing a quick search for Java frameworks returns more than 50 to choose from! My website is just going to be for my own enjoyment of building it in the beginning, but if it becomes popular, it would be good for it to have some scalability, or to at least be able to redesign for that. What are the main differences between the more popular frameworks? Are there instances where one significantly outperforms the others? For example, high-traffic enterprise applications versus low-traffic small applications. I'm also wondering if some are much easier to learn and use than others. Is there anyone who has experience with some of these frameworks and can make a recommendation? Does the sheer number of choices just serve as an early warning to avoid Java-based web development where possible?"}
{'questionId': '24623', 'question': 'I have seen two ways of implementing DAO-DVO design. 1) DVO are objects and DAOs are instantiated using factories i.e DAOs are also objects 2) DVOs are again objects but in this case, DAOs are classes which contain only static methods which accept DVOs to perform tasks. I was wondering which way is better and more scalable.'}
{'questionId': '24723', 'question': "Jeff actually posted about this in Sanitize HTML. But his example is in C# and I'm actually more interested in a Java version. Does anyone have a better version for Java? Is his example good enough to just convert directly from C# to Java?  [Update] I have put a bounty on this question because SO wasn't as popular when I asked the question as it is today (*). As for anything related to security, the more people look into it, the better it is!  (*) In fact, I think it was still in closed beta"}
{'questionId': '24866', 'question': 'I am using Java back end for creating an XML string which is passed to the browser. Currently I am using simple string manipulation to produce this XML. Is it essential that I use some XML library in Java to produce the XML string? I find the libraries very difficult to use compared to what I need.'}
{'questionId': '24991', 'question': "I have defined a Java function: One way to call it is like so: Why can't I call it by explicitly passing the generic type argument? : I get the error Illegal start of expression from the compiler."}
{'questionId': '25033', 'question': 'I am using the code snippet below, however it\'s not working quite as I understand it should.     From reading the Javadoc about readLine() it says:  Reads a line of text. A line is considered to be terminated by any one of a line feed (\\n), a carriage return (\\r), or a carriage return followed immediately by a linefeed.  Returns: A String containing the contents of the line, not including any line-termination characters, or null if the end of the stream has been reached  Throws:  IOException - If an I/O error occurs From my understanding of this, readLine should return null the first time no input is entered other than a line termination, like \\r. However, this code just ends up looping infinitely. After debugging, I have found that instead of null being returned when just a termination character is entered, it actually returns an empty string (""). This doesn\'t make sense to me. What am I not understanding correctly?'}
{'questionId': '25192', 'question': 'I\'m looking for a Java library for SWIFT messages. I want to parse SWIFT messages into an object model validate SWIFT messages (including SWIFT network validation rules) build / change SWIFT messages by using an object model Theoretically, I need to support all SWIFT message types. But at the moment I need MT103+, MT199, MT502, MT509, MT515 and MT535. So far I\'ve looked at two libraries AnaSys Message Objects (link text) Datamation SWIFT Message Suite (link text) Both libraries allow to accomplish the tasks mentioned above but in both cases I\'m not really happy.  AnaSys uses a internal XML representation for all SWIFT messages which you need to know in order to access the fields of a message. And you need to operate on the DOM of the XML representation, there is no way to say "get the contents of field \'50K\' of the SWIFT message". And the Datamation library seems to have the nicer API but does not find all errors. So does anyone know other SWIFT libraries to use?'}
{'questionId': '25449', 'question': 'I want to create a Java program that can be extended with plugins. How can I do that and where should I look for? I have a set of interfaces that the plugin must implement, and it should be in a jar. The program should watch for new jars in a relative (to the program) folder and registered them somehow. Although I do like Eclipse RCP, I think it\'s too much for my simple needs. Same thing goes for Spring, but since I was going to look at it anyway, I might as well try it. But still, I\'d prefer to find a way to create my own plugin "framework" as simple as possible.'}
{'questionId': '25530', 'question': 'I am looking for the best method to run a Java Application as a *NIX daemon or a Windows Service.  I\'ve looked in to the Java Service Wrapper, the Apache Commons project \'jsvc\', and the Apache Commons project \'procrun\'.  So far, the Java Service Wrapper looks like it\'s the best option... but, I\'m wondering if there are any other "Open Source friendly" licensed products out there.'}
{'questionId': '25532', 'question': "What would be the Master Pages equivalent in the Java web development world?  I've heard of Tiles, Tapestry and Velocity but don't know anything about them.  Are they as easy to use as Master Pages?   I want something as easy as set up one template and subsequent pages derive from the template and override content regions, similar to Master Pages. Any examples would be great!!"}
{'questionId': '25552', 'question': "I'm currently building a Java app that could end up being run on many different platforms, but primarily variants of Solaris, Linux and Windows. Has anyone been able to successfully extract information such as the current disk space used, CPU utilisation and memory used in the underlying OS? What about just what the Java app itself is consuming? Preferrably I'd like to get this information without using JNI."}
{'questionId': '25614', 'question': "I've used jdom in the past, and have looked briefly at XOM and DOM4j. Each seems to provide essentially the same thing, as they each provide a simplified wrapper over the (very obtuse) standard W3C DOM APIs.   I know that JDOM went through some effort to develop a JSR and standardization process at one point, but as far as I know that effort never went anywhere.  All of the project appear to be in stasis with little new development in the past several years. Is there a consensus as to which is the best?  Also what are the pros and cons of each ?"}
{'questionId': '25637', 'question': 'Is there a way to shutdown a computer using a built-in Java method?'}
{'questionId': '25765', 'question': "I'm in the process of weeding out all hardcoded values in a Java library and was wondering what framework would be the best (in terms of zero- or close-to-zero configuration) to handle run-time configuration? I would prefer XML-based configuration files, but it's not essential.  Please do only reply if you have practical experience with a framework. I'm not looking for examples, but experience..."}
{'questionId': '26305', 'question': 'I want to be able to play sound files in my program. Where should I look?'}
{'questionId': '26458', 'question': 'Is there any IDE that simplifies creating Swing applications (ideally something along the lines of Visual Studio)'}
{'questionId': '26547', 'question': "Let's say that you want to create a dead simple BlogEditor and, one of your ideas, is to do what Live Writer does and ask only the URL of the persons Blog. How can you detect what type of blog is it? Basic detection can be done with the URL itself, such as http://myblog.blogger.com etc. But what if it's self hosted? I'm mostly interested on how to do this in Java, but this question could be also used as a reference for any other language."}
{'questionId': '26594', 'question': 'What libraries/methods that you know of can do some basic HTML representation in Swing? Can you comment on your experience?'}
{'questionId': '26638', 'question': 'I want to parse some HTML in order to find the values of some attributes/tags etc. What HTML parsers do you recommend? Any pros and cons?'}
{'questionId': '26984', 'question': 'I have been in both situations:  Creating too many custom Exceptions Using too many general Exception class In both cases the project started OK but soon became an overhead to maintain (and refactor). So what is the best practice regarding the creation of your own Exception classes?'}
{'questionId': '27129', 'question': 'Can anyone recommend a library for chart generation (bar charts, pie charts etc.) which runs on both Java and .Net?'}
{'questionId': '27240', 'question': "In Java 5 and above you have the foreach loop, which works magically on anything that implements Iterable: However, Enumerable still does not implement Iterable, meaning that to iterate over an Enumeration you must do the following: Does anyone know if there is a reason why Enumeration still does not implement Iterable? Edit: As a clarification, I'm not talking about the language concept of an enum, I'm talking a Java-specific class in the Java API called 'Enumeration'."}
{'questionId': '27532', 'question': "Given 2 rgb colors and a rectangular area, I'd like to generate a basic linear gradient between the colors. I've done a quick search and the only thing I've been able to find is this blog entry, but the example code seems to be missing, or at least it was as of this posting. Anything helps, algorithms, code examples, whatever. This will be written in Java, but the display layer is already taken care of, I just need to figure out how to figure out what to display."}
{'questionId': '27572', 'question': "We've been using the 32bit linux version of the JavaServiceWrapper for quite a while now and it's working perfectly. We are now considering also using it on 64bit linux systems. There are downloads for 64bit binaries on the website, but looking into Makefile for the 64bit version I found the following comment, though:      # This makefile is in progess. It builds, but the resulting libwrapper.so does not yet work.     # If you know how to fix it then please help out. Can anyone confirm, that this comment is just outdated and the resulting wrapper will work without flaws?"}
{'questionId': '27578', 'question': "In Java (or any other language with checked exceptions), when creating your own exception class, how do you decide whether it should be checked or unchecked? My instinct is to say that a checked exception would be called for in cases where the caller might be able to recover in some productive way, where as an unchecked exception would be more for unrecoverable cases, but I'd be interested in other's thoughts."}
{'questionId': '27581', 'question': 'What issues / pitfalls must be considered when overriding equals and hashCode?'}
{'questionId': '27598', 'question': 'I\'ve deployed some Managed Beans on WebSphere 6.1 and I\'ve managed to invoke them through a standalone client, but when I try to use the application "jconsole" distributed with the standard JDK can can\'t make it works. Has anyone achieved to connect the jconsole with WAS 6.1? IBM WebSphere 6.1 it\'s supossed to support JSR 160 JavaTM Management Extensions (JMX) Remote API. Furthermore, it uses the MX4J implementation (http://mx4j.sourceforge.net). But I can\'t make it works with neither "jconsole" nor "MC4J". I have the Classpath and the JAVA_HOME correctly setted, so the issue it\'s not there.'}
{'questionId': '28202', 'question': "Every time I create a new project I copy the last project's ant file to the new one and make the appropriate changes (trying at the same time to make it more flexible for the next project). But since I didn't really thought about it at the beginning, the file started to look really ugly. Do you have an Ant template that can be easily ported in a new project? Any tips/sites for making one? Thank you."}
{'questionId': '28241', 'question': "I am merging a CVS branch and one of the larger changes is the replacement wherever it occurs of a Singleton pattern with abstract classes that have a static initialisation block and all static methods. Is this something that's worth keeping since it will require merging a lot of conflicts, what sort of situation would I be looking at for this refactoring to be worthwhile? We are running this app under Weblogic 8.1 (so JDK 1.4.2) sorry Thomas, let me clarify.. the HEAD version has the traditional singleton pattern (private constructor, getInstance() etc) the branch version has no constructor, is a 'public abstract class' and modified all the methods on the object to be 'static'. The code that used to exist in the private constructor is moved into a static block. Then all usages of the class are changed which causes multiple conflicts in the merge. There are a few cases where this change was made."}
{'questionId': '28301', 'question': "I'm unsure whether the following code would ensure all conditions given in Comparator's Javadoc.  Will the code above impose a total ordering on all instances of any class, even if that class does not implement Comparable?"}
{'questionId': '28428', 'question': "I want to bring up a file dialog in Java that defaults to the application installation directory. What's the best way to get that information programmatically?"}
{'questionId': '28538', 'question': 'I\'m trying to find a way to list the (static) dependency requirements of a jar file, in terms of which symbols are required at run time. I can see that the methods exported by classes can be listed using "javap", but there doesn\'t seem to be an opposite facility to list the \'imports\'. Is it possible to do this? This would be similar to the dumpbin utility in Windows development which can be used to list the exports and imports of a DLL. EDIT : Thanks for the responses; I checked out all of the suggestions; accepted DependencyFinder as it most closely meets what I was looking for.'}
{'questionId': '28675', 'question': "I'm using ByteBuffers and FileChannels to write binary data to a file. When doing that for big files or successively for multiple files, I get an OutOfMemoryError exception. I've read elsewhere that using Bytebuffers with NIO is broken and should be avoided. Does any of you already faced this kind of problem and found a solution to efficiently save large amounts of binary data in a file in java? Is the jvm option -XX:MaxDirectMemorySize the way to go?"}
{'questionId': '28832', 'question': "If I call finalize() on an object from my program code, will the JVM still run the method again when the garbage collector processes this object? This would be an approximate example: Would the explicit call to finalize() make the JVM's garbage collector not to run the finalize() method on object m?"}
{'questionId': '28949', 'question': 'After reading this question, I was reminded of when I was taught Java and told never to call finalize() or run the garbage collector because "it\'s a big black box that you never need to worry about". Can someone boil the reasoning for this down to a few sentences? I\'m sure I could read a technical report from Sun on this matter, but I think a nice, short, simple answer would satisfy my curiosity.'}
{'questionId': '29324', 'question': 'What is the most straightforward way to create a hash table (or associative array...) in Java?  My google-fu has turned up a couple examples, but is there a standard way to do this? And is there a way to populate the table with a list of key->value pairs without individually calling an add method on the object for each pair?'}
{'questionId': '29357', 'question': "I have a project to build a voting desktop application for a class in Java. While security isn't the focus of the project, I would like to be as realistic as I can. What are some of the primary tools to integrate security into a Java application. Edit: I'm not primarily worried about physical security, we are simply building an application not a whole system. I want to ensure votes are recorded correctly and not able to be changed or read by someone else."}
{'questionId': '29426', 'question': "I'm looking for a good GUI designer for swing in eclipse. My preference is for a free/open-source plugin."}
{'questionId': '29461', 'question': "I'm working on getting an Introduction to Groovy presentation ready for my local Java User's Group and I've pretty much got it together.  What I'd like to see is what you all think I just have to cover.   Remember, this is an introductory presentation.  Most of the people are experienced Java developers, but I'm pretty sure they have little to no Groovy knowledge.  I won't poison the well by mentioning what I've already got down to cover as I want to see what the community has to offer. What are the best things I can cover (in a 1 hour time frame) that will help me effectively communicate to these Java developers how useful Groovy could be to them? p.s. I'll share my presentation here later for anyone interested. as promised now that my presentation has been presented here it is"}
{'questionId': '29505', 'question': 'The log4j network adapter sends events as a serialised java object. I would like to be able to capture this object and deserialise it in a different language (python). Is this possible? NOTE The network capturing is easy; its just a TCP socket and reading in a stream. The difficulty is the deserialising part'}
{'questionId': '29689', 'question': "I have a large codebase without Javadoc, and I want to run a program to write a skeleton with the basic Javadoc information (e.g., for each method's parameter write @param...), so I just have to fill the gaps left. Anyone know a good solution for this? Edit: JAutodoc is what I was looking for.  It has Ant tasks, an Eclipse plugin, and uses Velocity for the template definition."}
{'questionId': '29734', 'question': "As per my understanding stateless session beans are used to code the business logic. They can not store data in their instance variables because their instance is shared by multiple requests. So they seem to be more like Singleton classes. However the difference is contain creates (or reuses from pool) the separate instance of stateless session beans for every request. After googling I could find the reasoning that the Java EE specification says they are suppose to be single threaded. But I can't get the reason why the are specified to be SINGLE THREADED?"}
{'questionId': '29751', 'question': 'I am having problems submitting forms which contain UTF-8 strings with Ajax. I am developing a Struts web application which runs in a Tomcat server. This is the environment I set up to work with UTF-8: I have added the attributes URIEncoding="UTF-8" useBodyEncodingForURI="true" into the Connector tag to Tomcat\'s conf/server.xml file. I have a utf-8_general_ci database I am using the next filter to ensure my request and responses are encoded in UTF-8 I use this filter in WEB-INF/web.xml I am using the next code for my JSON responses: Everything seems to work fine (content coming from the database is displayed properly, and I am able to submit forms which are stored in UTF-8 in the database). The problem is that I am not able to submit forms with Ajax. I use jQuery, and I thought the problem was the lack of contentType field in the Ajax request. But I was wrong. I have a really simple form to submit comments which contains of an id and a body. The body field can be in different languages such as Spanish, German, or whatever. If I submit my form with body textarea containing contrasea, Firebug shows me: Request Headers Host  localhost:8080 Accept-Charset ISO-8859-1, utf-8;q=0.7;*q=0.7 Content-Type application/x-www-form-urlencoded; charset UTF-8 If I execute Copy Location with parameters in Firebug, the encoding seems already wrong: This is my jQuery code: A submission of a form with jQuery is causing the next error server side (note I am using Hibernate).'}
{'questionId': '29820', 'question': "In Java, say you have a class that wraps an ArrayList (or any collection) of objects.  How would you return one of those objects such that the caller will not see any future changes to the object made in the ArrayList?  i.e. you want to return a deep copy of the object, but you don't know if it is cloneable."}
{'questionId': '30160', 'question': "I'm giving a presentation to a Java User's Group on Groovy and I'm going to be doing some coding during the presentation to show some side-by-side Java/Groovy.  I really like the GroovyConsole as it's simple and I can resize the text easily.   I'm wondering if there is anything similar for Java?  I know I could just use Eclipse but I'd rather have a smaller app to use without having to customize a view.  What's the community got? Screen shot of GroovyConsole:"}
{'questionId': '30171', 'question': "Help!  I have an Axis web service that is being consumed by a C# application.  Everything works great, except that arrays of long values always come across as [0,0,0,0] - the right length, but the values aren't deserialized.  I have tried with other primitives (ints, doubles) and the same thing happens.  What do I do?  I don't want to change the semantics of my service."}
{'questionId': '30281', 'question': "I'm using JBoss Seam Framework, but it's seems to me isn't very popular among java developers.  I want to know how many java programmers here are using it, and in what kind of projects. Is as good as django, or RoR?"}
{'questionId': '30337', 'question': "Is there an online resource somewhere that maintains statistics on the install-base of Java including JRE version information? If not, is there any recent report that has some numbers? I'm particularly interested in Windows users, but all other OS's are welcome too."}
{'questionId': '30428', 'question': "Would like to hear from people about their experience with java clustering (ie. implementing HA solutions).  aka . terracotta, JGroups etc.  It doesn't have to be web apps.  Experience writing custom stand alone servers would be great also. UPDATE : I will be a bit more specific -> not that interested in Web App clustering (unless it can be pulled out and run standalone).  I know it works. But we need a bit more than just session clustering. Examining solutions in terms of ease of programming, supported topologies (ie. single data center versus over the WAN ), number of supported nodes.  Issues faced, workarounds.   At the moment I am doing some POC (Proof of concept) work on Terracotta and JGroups to see if its worth the effort for our app (which is stand alone, outside of a web container)."}
{'questionId': '30571', 'question': 'In Maven, dependencies are usually set up like this: Now, if you are working with libraries that have frequent releases, constantly updating the <version> tag can be somewhat annoying. Is there any way to tell Maven to always use the latest available version (from the repository)?'}
{'questionId': '30627', 'question': 'I\'m looking for the best method to parse various XML documents using a Java application.  I\'m currently doing this with SAX and a custom content handler and it works great - zippy and stable.  I\'ve decided to explore the option having the same program, that currently recieves a single format XML document, receive two additional XML document formats, with various XML element changes.  I was hoping to just swap out the ContentHandler with an appropriate one based on the first "startElement" in the document... but, uh-duh, the ContentHandler is set and then the document is parsed! So, it doesn\'t appear that I can do this in the way I initially thought I could. That being said, am I looking at this entirely wrong?  What is the best method to parse multiple, discrete XML documents with the same XML handling code?  I tried to ask in a more general post earlier... but, I think I was being too vague.  For speed and efficiency purposes I never really looked at DOM because these XML documents are fairly large and the system receives about 1200 every few minutes.  It\'s just a one way send of information To make this question too long and add to my confusion; following is a mockup of some various XML documents that I would like to have a single SAX, StAX, or ?? parser cleanly deal with.  products.xml: stores.xml: managers.xml:'}
{'questionId': '30696', 'question': 'I posted the code below to the Sun developers forum since I thought it was erroring (the true error was before this code was even hit).  One of the responses I got said it would not work and to throw it away.  But it is actually working.  It might not be the best code (I am new to Java) but is there something inherently "wrong" with it?  ============= CODE: private static void ImportFromCsvToAccessTable(String mdbFilePath, String accessTableName  , String csvDirPath , String csvFileName ) throws ClassNotFoundException, SQLException {     Connection msConn = getDestinationConnection(mdbFilePath);     try{         String strSQL = "SELECT * INTO " + accessTableName + " FROM [Text;HDR=YES;DATABASE=" + csvDirPath + ";].[" + csvFileName + "]";         PreparedStatement selectPrepSt = msConn.prepareStatement(strSQL );         boolean result = selectPrepSt.execute();                 System.out.println( "result = " + result );     } catch(Exception e) {         System.out.println(e);     } finally {         msConn.close();     } }'}
{'questionId': '31127', 'question': "When running a Java app from eclipse my ImageIcon shows up just fine. But after creating a jar the path to the image obviously gets screwed up. Is there a way to extract an image from the jar at runtime so I can then open it up?  Or, is there a better way to do this? I'd like to distribute a single jar file if possible."}
{'questionId': '31201', 'question': "I'm currently creating an explicit reference to this in the outer class so that I have a name to refer to in the anonymous inner class.  Is there a better way to do this?"}
{'questionId': '31380', 'question': 'I currently use the following function to do a simple HTTP GET. I see no reason to use the BufferedReader since I am just going to download everything in sequence. Am I right in thinking there is no use for the BufferedReader in this case?'}
{'questionId': '31394', 'question': "I see many similar questions, however I want to find the Username of the currently logged in user using Java. Its probably something like: But, I'm not quite sure."}
{'questionId': '31415', 'question': "Using regex, how is the simplest way to fetch a websites HTML and find the value inside this tag (or any attribute's value for that matter):"}
{'questionId': '31446', 'question': "What would be the easiest way to detach a specific JPA Entity Bean that was acquired through an EntityManager. Alternatively, could I have a query return detached objects in the first place so they would essentially act as 'read only'? The reason why I want to do this is becuase I want to modify the data within the bean - with in my application only, but not ever have it persisted to the database. In my program, I eventually have to call flush() on the EntityManager, which would persist all changes from attached entities to the underyling database, but I want to exclude specific objects."}
{'questionId': '31462', 'question': "Without the use of any external library, what is the simplest way to fetch a website's HTML content into a String?"}
{'questionId': '31584', 'question': 'I have already proposed this in my blog, but I find this place the most appropriate. For classes that have a long list of setters that are used frequently, I found this way very useful (although I have recently read about the Builder pattern in Effective Java that is kinda the same). Basically, all setter methods return the object itself so then you can use code like this: Setters simply return this in the end: What is your opinion? What are the pros and cons? Does this have any impact on performance?'}
{'questionId': '31693', 'question': 'I mostly use Java and generics are relatively new. I keep reading that Java made the wrong decision or that .NET has better implementations etc. etc. So, what are the main differences between C++, C#, Java in generics? Pros/cons of each?'}
{'questionId': '31840', 'question': "Is it still worth to add the log4j library to a Java 5 project just to log let's say some exceptions to a file with some nice rollover settings. Or will the standard util.logging facility do the job as well? What do you think?"}
{'questionId': '31924', 'question': "I have done Java and JSP programming in the past, but I am new to Java Server Faces and want to know if there's a set of best practices for JSF development."}
{'questionId': '32001', 'question': "I'd like to have a java.utils.Timer with a resettable time in java.I need to set a once off event to occur in X seconds. If nothing happens in between the time the timer was created and X seconds, then the event occurs as normal.  If, however, before X seconds has elapsed, I decide that the event should occur after Y seconds instead, then I want to be able to tell the timer to reset its time so that the event occurs in Y seconds.  E.g. the timer should be able to do something like: I don't see a way to do this using the utils timer, as if you call cancel() you cannot schedule it again. The only way I've come close to replicating this behavior is by using javax.swing.Timer and involves stopping the origional timer, and creating a new one. i.e.:  Is there an easier way??"}
{'questionId': '32041', 'question': "Is it possible for the compiler to remove statements used for debugging purposes (such as logging) from production code? The debug statements would need to be marked somehow, maybe using annotations. It's easy to set a property (debug = true) and check it at each debug statement, but this can reduce performance. It would be nice if the compiler would simply make the debug statements vanish."}
{'questionId': '32280', 'question': "I am in the middle of reading the excellent Clean Code One discussion is regarding passing nulls into a method. It represents different ways of handling this: I prefer the assertions approach, but I don't like the fact that assertions are turned off by default. The book finally states: In most programming languages there is no good way to deal with a null that is passed by a caller accidentally. Because this is the case, the rational approach is to forbid passing null by default. It doesn't really go into how you would enforce this restriction? Do any of you have strong opinions either way."}
{'questionId': '32519', 'question': "I have a list, each item of which has several things in it, including a JProgressBar which can be updating a lot.  Each time one of the items updates its JProgressBar, the ListDataListener on the list tries to scroll it the visible range using Note that I'm trying to make sure the scrolling is done in the dispatch thread, since I thought maybe the problem was it being scrolled while it was repainting.  And yet, I still have a problem where if things are really active, some of the list items paint outside of the viewport, overwriting what's outside the JScrollPane.  Forcing an exposure event will repaint those things, but it's annoying. Is there anything else I need to look out for to stop these things painting outside of their clipping area?"}
{'questionId': '32529', 'question': 'I want to limit my users to a directory and its sub directories but the "Parent Directory" button allows them to browse to an arbitrary directory. How should I go about doing that?'}
{'questionId': '32586', 'question': 'Is there an easy way to discover a File\'s creation time with Java?  The File class only has a method to get the "last modified" time.  According to some resources I found on Google, the File class doesn\'t provide a getCreationTime() method because not all file systems support the idea of a creation time. The only working solution I found involes shelling out the the command line and executing the "dir" command, which looks like it outputs the file\'s creation time.  I guess this works, I only need to support Windows, but it seems very error prone to me. Are there any third party libraries that provide the info I need? Update: In the end, I don\'t think it\'s worth it for me to buy the third party library, but their API does seem pretty good so it\'s probably a  good choice for anyone else that has this problem.'}
{'questionId': '32790', 'question': 'For various reasons calling System.exit is frowned upon when writing Java Applications, so how can I notify the calling process that not everything is going according to plan? Edit: The 1 is a standin for any non-zero exit code.'}
{'questionId': '32897', 'question': 'This question would probably apply equally as well to other languages with C-like multi-line comments. Here\'s the problem I\'m encountering. I\'m working with Java code in Eclipse, and I wanted to comment out a block of code. However, there is a string that contains the character sequence "*/", and Eclipse thinks that the comment should end there, even though it is inside a string. It gives me tons of errors and fails to build. Does the Java specification match with Eclipse\'s interpretation of my multi-line comment? I would like to think that Java and/or Eclipse would account for this sort of thing.'}
{'questionId': '33262', 'question': "I have a complete XML document in a string and would like a Document object. Google turns up all sorts of garbage. What is the simplest solution? (In Java 1.5) Solution Thanks to Matt McMinn, I have settled on this implementation. It has the right level of input flexibility and exception granularity for me. (It's good to know if the error came from malformed XML - SAXException - or just bad IO - IOException.)"}
{'questionId': '33412', 'question': "After reading Jeff's blog post on Protecting Your Cookies: HttpOnly. I'd like to implement HttpOnly cookies in my web application. How do you tell tomcat to use http only cookies for sessions?"}
{'questionId': '33438', 'question': 'I am using Hibernate in a Java application to access my Database and it works pretty well with MS-SQL and MySQL. But some of the data I have to show on some forms has to come from Text files, and by Text files I mean Human-Readable files, they can be CSV, Tab-Delimited, or even a key, value pair, per line since my data is as simple as this, but my preference of course is XML files. My question is: Can I use hibernate to read those files using HQL, Query , EntityManager and all those resources Hibernate provides me to access files. Which file format should I use and How I configure My persistence.xml file to recognize files as Tables?'}
{'questionId': '33476', 'question': "There are a couple of things that I am having a difficult time understanding with regards to developing custom components in JSF.  For the purposes of these questions, you can assume that all of the custom controls are using valuebindings/expressions (not literal bindings).  Although I'll gladly upvote those who give good explanations on that as well, since that could be helpful for others (and me down the line). Where do I set the value for the valuebinding?  Is this supposed to happen in decode?  Or should decode do something else and then have the value set in encodeBegin? Read from the Value Binding - When do I read data from the valuebinding vs. reading it from submittedvalue and putting it into the valuebinding?   When are action listeners on forms called in relation to all of this?  The JSF lifecycle pages all mention events happening at various steps, but its not completely clear to me when just a simple listener for a commandbutton is being called I've tried a few combinations, but always end up with hard to find bugs that I believe are coming from basic misunderstandings of the event lifecycle."}
{'questionId': '33497', 'question': 'Unchecked exceptions are alright if you want to handle every failure the same way, for example by logging it and skipping to the next request, displaying a message to the user and handling the next event, etc. If this is my use case, all I have to do is catch some general exception type at a high level in my system, and handle everything the same way. But I want to recover from specific problems, and I\'m not sure the best way to approach it with unchecked exceptions. Here is a concrete example. Suppose I have a web application, built using Struts2 and Hibernate. If an exception bubbles up to my "action", I log it, and display a pretty apology to the user. But one of the functions of my web application is creating new user accounts, that require a unique user name. If a user picks a name that already exists, Hibernate throws an org.hibernate.exception.ConstraintViolationException (an unchecked exception) down in the guts of my system. I\'d really like to recover from this particular problem by asking the user to choose another user name, rather than giving them the same "we logged your problem but for now you\'re hosed" message. Here are a few points to consider: There a lot of people creating accounts simultaneously. I don\'t want to lock the whole user table between a "SELECT" to see if the name exists and an "INSERT" if it doesn\'t. In the case of relational databases, there might be some tricks to work around this, but what I\'m really interested in is the general case where pre-checking for an exception won\'t work because of a fundamental race condition. Same thing could apply to looking for a file on the file system, etc. Given my CTO\'s propensity for drive-by management induced by reading technology columns in "Inc.", I need a layer of indirection around the persistence mechanism so that I can throw out Hibernate and use Kodo, or whatever, without changing anything except the lowest layer of persistence code. As a matter of fact, there are several such layers of abstraction in my system. How can I prevent them from leaking in spite of unchecked exceptions? One of the declaimed weaknesses of checked exceptions is having to "handle" them in every call on the stackeither by declaring that a calling method throws them, or by catching them and handling them. Handling them often means wrapping them in another checked exception of a type appropriate to the level of abstraction. So, for example, in checked-exception land, a file-systembased implementation of my UserRegistry might catch IOException, while a database implementation would catch SQLException, but both would throw a UserNotFoundException that hides the underlying implementation. How do I take advantage of unchecked exceptions, sparing myself of the burden of this wrapping at each layer, without leaking implementation details?'}
{'questionId': '33708', 'question': "So I've got a JPanel implementing MouseListener and MouseMotionListener: The trouble is, none of these mouse functions are ever called. DisplayArea is created like this: I am not really a Java programmer (this is part of an assignment), but I can't see anything glaringly obvious. Can someone smarter than I see anything?"}
{'questionId': '33751', 'question': "I would like to add the following MIME type to a site run by Apache: That is the Tomcat format. I'm on a shared host, so I can only create an .htaccess file. Would someone please specify the complete contents of such a file?"}
{'questionId': '33829', 'question': "I have an application which really should be installed, but does work fine when deployed using JNLP. However, it would seem that some Java functions such as Runtime.exec don't work using the default security options. I would like to therefore disable UI functionality that relies upon such functions.   So my question is, how do I detect at runtime whether certain functions are available or not? The case study, here of course, is Runtime.exec."}
{'questionId': '33901', 'question': "I'm looking for a library to handle iCalendar data in Java. Open source, well-documented implementations with a good object model are preferred.  iCal parsing capabilities are less important to me, but still nice to have. Does anyone have any recommendations?"}
{'questionId': '33956', 'question': 'Assume that I have a field called price for the documents in Solr and I have that field faceted. I want to get the facets as ranges of values (eg: 0-100, 100-500, 500-1000, etc). How to do it? I can specify the ranges beforehand, but I also want to know whether it is possible to calculate the ranges (say for 5 values) automatically based on the values in the documents?'}
{'questionId': '33960', 'question': 'I would like to retrieve the ethernet address of the network interface that is used to access a particular website. How can this be done in Java? Solution Note that the accepted solution of getHardwareAddress is only available in Java 6. There does not seem to be a solution for Java 5 aside from executing i(f|p)confing.'}
{'questionId': '34144', 'question': 'I would like to know which dependency described in my pom.xml brings a transitive dependency in my target directory. To be more precise, I have the library "poi-2.5.1-final-20040804.jar" in my WEB-INF/lib directory and I would like to know which dependency in my pom.xml brings that.'}
{'questionId': '34413', 'question': 'I am getting a NoClassDefFoundError when I run my Java application.  What is typically the cause of this?'}
{'questionId': '34571', 'question': 'How do I use JUnit to test a class that has internal private methods, fields or nested classes? It seems bad to change the access modifier for a method just to be able to run a test.'}
{'questionId': '34638', 'question': "The system I am currently working on requires some role-based security, which is well catered for in the Java EE stack. The system intends to be a framework for business domain experts to write their code on top of. However, there is also a requirement for data security. That is, what information is visible to an end user. This effectively means reducing visibility to rows (and perhaps even columns) in the database. We are using Hibernate for our persistence. However, we are using our own annotations so as not to expose our persistence choice to the business domain experts.  For row based security this means we could add an annotation such as @Secured at the entity level, which would cause an extra column to be added to the underlying table to constrain our selects? For column based security, we could perhaps have @Secured to either assist in query generation, or perhaps use an aspect to filter the information returned? I'm curious to know how this might affect hibernate's caching mechanisms as well? I'm sure a lot of others will have had the same issue, and I was wondering how you approached this? Much appreciated..."}
{'questionId': '34669', 'question': 'I have a recursive algorithm which steps through a string, character by character, and parses it to create a tree-like structure.  I want to be able to keep track of the character index the parser is currently at (for error messages as much as anything else) but am not keen on implementing something like a tuple to handle multiple returned types. I tried using an Integer type, declared outside the method and passed into the recursive method, but because it\'s final, recursive call increments are "forgotten" when I return. (Because the increment of the Integer value makes the passed-by-value object reference point at a new object) Is there a way to get something similar to work which won\'t pollute my code?'}
{'questionId': '34726', 'question': "I am deploying new versions of java servlets with JRun as the host. I am having difficulty finding good sources for information about JRun and tutorials about how to configure and manage it. After installing JRun and opening the launcher it can't start the admin server that it creates by default...so obviously I'm running into some issues just getting started. edit for clarity: I'm not looking for an answer or help with a specific error but if anyone knows of good sources for information about JRun and how to work with it so I can quickly bring myself up to speed on it."}
{'questionId': '35002', 'question': "Is there anything built into the core C# libraries that can give me an immutable Dictionary?  Something along the lines of Java's: And just to clarify, I am not looking to stop the keys / values themselves from being changed, just the structure of the Dictionary.  I want something that fails fast and loud if any of IDictionary's mutator methods are called (Add, Remove, Clear)."}
{'questionId': '35123', 'question': "What did I do wrong? Here is an excerpt from my code: but it clips the last button: bigbrother82: That didn't work. SCdF: I tried your suggestion, and now the scrollbars are gone.  I need to work some more on that."}
{'questionId': '35186', 'question': "I'm getting a NoSuchMethodError error when running my Java program.  What's wrong and how do I fix it?"}
{'questionId': '35248', 'question': 'Internet Explorer has a file download limit of 4GB (2 GB on IE6).  Firefox does not have this problem (haven\'t tested safari yet) (More info here: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/298618) I am working on a site that will allow the user to download very large files (up to and exceeding 100GB) What is the best way to do this without using FTP.  The end user must be able to download the file from there browser using HTTP.  I don\'t think Flash or Silverlight can save files to the client so as far as I know they won\'t cut it. I\'m guessing we will need an ActiveX or Java applet to pull this off.  Something like the download manager that MSDN uses. Does anyone know of a commercial (or free) component that will do that?  We do not want the user to have to install a "browser wide" download manager (like GetRight), we want it to only work with downloading on our site.  Update: Here is some additional info to help clarify what I\'m trying to do.  Most of the files above the 4GB limit would be large HD video files (its for a video editing company).  These will be downloaded by users across the internet, this isn\'t going to be people on a local network.  We want the files to be available via HTTP (some users are going to be behind firewalls that aren\'t going to allow FTP, Bittorrent, etc.).  The will be a library of files the end user could download, so we aren\'t talking about a one time large download.  The will be download different large files on a semi-regular basis. So far Vault that @Edmund-Tay suggested is the closest solution so far.  The only problem is that it doesn\'t work for files larger than 4GB (it instantly fails before starting the download, they are probably using a 32bit integer somewhere that the content length of the file exceeds). A java applet (or ActiveX component since the problem only exist in IE) that worked like the article @spoulson linked to would be the best solution, but so far I haven\'t had any luck finding one that does anything like that (multipart downloads, resume, etc.). It looks like we might have to write our own.  Another option would be to write a .Net application (maybe ClickOnce) that is associated with an extension or mime type.  Then the user would actually be downloading a small file from the web server that opens in the exe/ClickOnce app that tells the application what file to download.  That is how the MSDN downloader works.  The end user would then only have to download/install an EXE once.  That would be better than downloading an exe every time they wanted to download a large file.'}
{'questionId': '35507', 'question': "I have been working with Struts for some time, but for a project I am finishing I was asked to separate Templates (velocity .vm files), configs (struts.xml, persistence.xml) from main WAR file. I have all in default structure like:  And I apparently can't find documentation about how to setup (probably in struts.xml) where my templates go, and where config files will be. I think I will have to use configurations on the application server too (I am using Jetty 5.1.14). So, any lights on how to configure it ?  Thanks Well, the whole thing about changing templates place is to put the templates in a designer accessible area, so any modification needed, the designer can load them to his/her computer, edit, and upload it again. I think this is a common scenario. So, probably I am missing something in my research. Maybe I am focusing in configuring it on the wrong place ... Any thoughts ?"}
{'questionId': '35785', 'question': "What is the Java analogue of .NET's XML serialization?"}
{'questionId': '35842', 'question': "How do I get the id of my Java process? I know there are several platform-dependent hacks, but I'd prefer a more generic solution."}
{'questionId': '36347', 'question': 'Java has generics and C++ provides a very strong programming model with templates. So then, what is the difference between C++ and Java generics?'}
{'questionId': '36701', 'question': 'Is it completely against the Java way to create struct like objects? I can see a class with accessors and mutators being more Java like. The class from the first example is notationally convenient. This is not as convenient.'}
{'questionId': '36832', 'question': "In C++ when a virtual function is called from within a constructor it doesn't behave like a virtual function. I think everyone who encountered for the first time was surprised but on second thought it makes sense, if the derived constructor hasn't yet run the object is not yet a derived so how can a derived function be called? The preconditions haven't had the chance to be set up. Example: It's exactly the same for Java and .NET yet they chose to go the other way, was the only reason the principle of least surprise?  Which do you think is the correct choice?"}
{'questionId': '36881', 'question': 'I have an activity which has a TabHost containing a set of TabSpecs each with a listview containing the items to be displayed by the tab. When each TabSpec is created, I set an icon to be displayed in the tab header. The TabSpecs are created in this way within a setupTabs() method which loops to create the appropriate number of tabs: There are a couple instances where I want to be able to change the icon which is displayed in each tab during the execution of my program. Currently I am deleting all the tabs, and calling the above code again to re-create them. Is there a way to replace the icon that is being displayed without deleting and re-creating all of the tabs?'}
{'questionId': '37026', 'question': 'If one Googles for "difference between notify() and notifyAll()" then a lot of explanations will pop up (leaving apart the javadoc paragraphs). It all boils down to the number of waiting threads being waken up: one in notify() and all in notifyAll(). However (if I do understand the difference between these methods right), only one thread is always selected for further monitor acquisition; in the first case the one selected by the VM, in the second case the one selected by the system thread scheduler. The exact selection procedures for both of them (in the general case) are not known to the programmer. What\'s the useful difference between notify() and notifyAll() then? Am I missing something?'}
{'questionId': '37041', 'question': "I have a question on the best way of exposing an asynchronous remote interface. The conditions are as follows: The protocol is asynchronous A third party can modify the data at any time The command round-trip can be significant The model should be well suited for UI interaction The protocol supports queries over certain objects, and so must the model As a means of improving my lacking skills in this area (and brush up my Java in general), I have started a project to create an Eclipse-based front-end for xmms2 (described below). So, the question is; how should I expose the remote interface as a neat data model (In this case, track management and event handling)? I welcome anything from generic discussions to pattern name-dropping or concrete examples and patches :) My primary goal here is learning about this class of problems in general. If my project can gain from it, fine, but I present it strictly to have something to start a discussion around. I've implemented a protocol abstraction which I call 'client' (for legacy reasons) which allows me to access most exposed features using method calls which I am happy with even if it's far from perfect. The features provided by the xmms2 daemon are things like track searching, meta-data retrieval and manipulation, change playback state, load playlists and so on and so forth. I'm in the middle of updating to the latest stable release of xmms2, and I figured I might as well fix some of the glaring weaknesses of my current implementation. My plan is to build a better abstraction on top of the protocol interface, one that allows a more natural interaction with the daemon. The current 'model' implementation is hard to use and is frankly quite ugly (not to mention the UI-code which is truly horrible atm). Today I have the Tracks interface which I can use to get instances of Track classes based on their id. Searching is performed through the Collections interface (unfortunate namespace clash) which I'd rather move to Tracks, I think. Any data can be modified by a third party at any time, and this should be properly reflected in the model and change-notifications distributed These interfaces are exposed when connecting, by returning an object hierarchy that looks like this: Connection Playback getPlayback() Play, pause, jump, current track etc Expose playback state changes Tracks getTracks() Track getTrack(id) etc Expose track updates Collections getCollection() Load and manipulate playlists or named collections Query media library Expose collection updates"}
{'questionId': '37089', 'question': 'When launching a thread or a process in .NET or Java, is there a way to choose which processor or core it is launched on? How does the shared memory model work in such cases?'}
{'questionId': '37198', 'question': ' Specifically getting on Windows the "..\\Documents & Settings\\All Users, basicaly any path that needs the front end to be dynamically derived based on the OS your software is running on. (Now I need the answer to this) the current users My Documents  dirctory (okay this has been answered)  and basicaly any path that needs the front end to be dynamically derived based on the OS your software is running on.'}
{'questionId': '37271', 'question': "I have a large tree of Java Objects in my Desktop Application and am trying to decide on the best way of persisting them as a file to the file system. Some thoughts I've had were: Roll my own serializer using DataOutputStream:  This would give me the greatest control of what was in the file, but at the cost of micromanaging it. Straight old Serialization using ObjectOutputStream and its various related classes: I'm not sold on it though since I find the data brittle.  Changing any object's structure breaks the serialized instances of it.  So I'm locked in to what seems to be a horrible versioning nightmare. XML Serialization: It's not as brittle, but it's significantly slower that straight out serialization.  It can be transformed outside of my program.   JavaDB: I'd considered this since I'm comfortable writing JDBC applications. The difference here is that the database instance would only persist while the file was being opened or saved.  It's not pretty but... it does lend itself to migrating to a central server architecture if the need arises later and it introduces the possibility of quering the datamodel in a simpler way. I'm curious to see what other people think. And I'm hoping that I've missed some obvious, and simpler approach than the ones above. Here are some more options culled from the answers below: An Object Database - Has significantly less infrastructure than ORM approaches and performs faster than an XML approach. thanks aku"}
{'questionId': '37310', 'question': 'I have developed some classes with similar behavior, they all implement the same interface.  I implemented a factory that creates the appropriate object and returns the interface.  I am writing a unit test for the factory.  All you get back is an interface to the object. What is the best way to test that the factory has worked correctly? I would like to know the answer in Java, but if there is a solution that crosses languages I would like to know it. Number 2. in the answer, would be done like the other answer?  If so I will mark the other answer accepted as well and reword my question to adress both a factory where an interface is returned and you have no clue what type of concrete class implemented the interface, and the case where you do know what concrete class was used.'}
{'questionId': '37335', 'question': "I am writing a client-side Swing application (graphical font designer) on Java 5. Recently, I am running into java.lang.OutOfMemoryError: Java heap space error because I am not being conservative on memory usage. The user can open unlimited number of files, and the program keeps the opened objects in the memory. After a quick research I found Ergonomics in the 5.0 Java Virtual Machine and others saying on Windows machine the JVM defaults max heap size as 64MB. Given this situation, how should I deal with this constraint? I could increase the max heap size using command line option to java, but that would require figuring out available RAM and writing some launching program or script. Besides, increasing to some finite max does not ultimately get rid of the issue. I could rewrite some of my code to persist objects to file system frequently (using database is the same thing) to free up the memory. It could work, but it's probably a lot work too. If you could point me to details of above ideas or some alternatives like automatic virtual memory, extending heap size dynamically, that will be great."}
{'questionId': '37449', 'question': "I've used the StAX API in Java quite a bit, and find it quite a clean way of dealing with XML files. Is there any equivalent library I could use for performing similar processing in C?"}
{'questionId': '37551', 'question': 'I have a problem with an application running on Fedora Core 6 with JDK 1.5.0_08. After some amount of uptime (usually some days) threads begin getting stuck in native methods. The threads are locked in something like this: or Especially puzzling to me is this one: The threads remain stuck until the VM is restarted. Can anyone give me an idea as to what is happening here, what might be causing the native methods to block? The monitor entry address range at the top of each stuck thread is different. How can I figure out what is holding this monitor? Any suggestions or advice will be greatly appreciated! Thanks, David'}
{'questionId': '37628', 'question': "What is reflection, and why is it useful? I'm particularly interested in Java, but I assume the principles are the same in any language."}
{'questionId': '37692', 'question': 'I\'m writing a plugin that will parse a bunch of files in a project. But for the moment I\'m stuck searching through the Eclipse API for answers. The plugin works like this: Whenever I open a source file I let the plugin parse the source\'s corresponding build file (this could be further developed with caching the parse result). Getting the file is simple enough: The problem I have is I have to use hard coded strings for the paths where the source files and build files go. Anyone know how to retrieve the build path from Eclipse? (I\'m working in CDT by the way). Also is there a simple way to determine what the source path is (e.g. one file is under the "src" directory) of a source file?'}
{'questionId': '37912', 'question': 'How do you use the the org.springframework.ws.transport.jms.WebServiceMessageDrivenBean class from the Java Spring Framework - Spring-WS project? There is very little documentation or examples available on the web.'}
{'questionId': '37929', 'question': 'I am reviewing a big java application to see if there are any performance bottlenecks. The real problem is that I cannot pinpoint the performance issues to any single module. The whole application is slow as such. Is there some tool/technique I can use to help me out in this?'}
{'questionId': '37976', 'question': "By default IntelliJ IDEA 7.0.4 seems to use 4 spaces for indentation in XML files.  The project I'm working on uses 2 spaces as indentation in all it's XML.  Is there a way to configure the indentation in IntelliJ's editor?"}
{'questionId': '38057', 'question': ' I think it is pretty clear what I am trying to do. I expect @ManyToOne person to be inherited by UglyProblem class. But there will be an exception saying something like: "There is no such property found in UglyProblem class (mappedBy="person")". All I found is this. I was not able to find the post by Emmanuel Bernard explaining reasons behind this.  Unfortunately, according to the Hibernate documentation "Properties from superclasses not mapped as @MappedSuperclass are ignored." Well I think this means that if I have these two classes: then field foo will not be mapped for class  B. Which makes sense. But if I have something like this: I expect the class UglyProblem to have fileds id and name and both classes to be mapped using same table. (In fact, this is exactly what happens, I have just checked again). I have got this table: Going back to my question: I expect @ManyToOne person to be inherited by UglyProblem class. I expect that because all other mapped fields are inherited and I do not see any reason to make this exception for ManyToOne relationships. Yeah, I saw that. In fact, I used Read-Only solution for my case. But my question was "Why..." :). I know that there is an explanation given by a member of hibernate team. I was not able to find it and that is why I asked. I want to find out the motivation of this design decision. (if you interested how I have faced this problem: I inherited a project built using hibernate 3. It was Jboss 4.0.something + hibernate was already there (you\'d download it all together). I was moving this project to Jboss 4.2.2 and I found out that there are inherited mappings of "@OneToMany mappedBy" and it worked fine on old setup...)'}
{'questionId': '38068', 'question': "Is there any shorthand way of defining and using generic definations without having to keep repeating a particular generic description such that if there is a change I don't have to change all definations/usages though out the codebase for example is somethhing like this possible:"}
{'questionId': '38183', 'question': 'I am looking for an open source project that uses EJB3 as backend and JSF as frontend. It should not be a tutorial but a real application that real people are using. The application should be data-driven, i.e. the following aspects are fundamental and make 80% or more of the application. form-based (many input forms) table views, master/detail, etc. CRUD (create/read/update/delete)-Operations have been implemented support for relations: 1:1, 1:n JPA Entity Beans + EJB 3 Stateless Session Beans for Facade no JBoss Seam Typical applications are CRM / ERP projects where people work a lot with lists, tables, and forms. But any other "administrative" application should be OK, too. I know petstore, but that application isn\'t form-based. petstore is a end-user application. I am looking for backend-user applications. Something like Microsofts AdventureWorks series, but with EJB3+JSF... Something like SugarCRM, but with EJB3+JSF... I\'ve googled a lot... with no results :-( @Matthew: the samples provided with NetBeans are too simple. @JB: It should be a real application. Not a "how to do EJB+JSF" application. @50-50: voted down because of seam @Kariem: I can\'t use seam, AppFuse hasn\'t EJB Session Beans'}
{'questionId': '38305', 'question': "It may not be best practice but are there ways of removing unsused classes from a third party's jar files.  Something that looks at the way in which my classes are using the library and does some kind of coverage analysis, then spits out another jar with all of the untouched classes removed. Obviously there are issues with this.  Specifically, the usage scenario I put it though may not use all classes all the time. But neglecting these problems, can it be done in principle?"}
{'questionId': '38949', 'question': 'I find that getting Unicode support in my cross-platform apps a real pain in the butt. I need strings that can go from C code, to a database, to a Java application and into a Perl module.  Each of these use a different Unicode encodings (UTF8, UTF16) or some other code page.  The biggest thing that I need is a cross-platform way of doing conversions. What kind of tools, libraries or techniques do people use to make handling these things easier?'}
{'questionId': '38955', 'question': "Assume java 1.6 and leopard. Ideally, it would also be nice to get a list of all supported resolutions and the current resolution. If this isn't possible in java, is there some way to do it that could be called from java?"}
{'questionId': '39108', 'question': "What would be the best way to draw a simple animation just before showing a modal JDialog? (i.e. expanding borders from the mouse click point to the dialog location). I thought it would be possible to draw on the glasspane of the parent frame on the setVisible method of the dialog. However since the JDialog is modal to the parent, I couldn't find a way to pump drawing events into EDT before the JDialog becomes visible since the current event on the EDT has not been completed yet."}
{'questionId': '39194', 'question': 'I want to create a Java application bundle for Mac without using Mac. According to Java Deployment Options for Mac OS X, I can do this by using Xcode, Jar Bundler, or from the command line. Once the files and folders are set up, all I need for the command line method is to call /Developer/Tools/SetFile. Is there a SetFile clone on Linux or Windows? If not, do I have to get a Mac?'}
{'questionId': '39391', 'question': 'If I create an HTTP java.net.URL and then call openConnection() on it, does it necessarily imply that an HTTP post is going to happen?  I know that openStream() implies a GET.  If so, how do you perform one of the other HTTP verbs without having to work with the raw socket layer?'}
{'questionId': '39399', 'question': 'I have a struts-based webapp, and I would like the default "welcome" page to be an action. The only solutions I have found to this seem to be variations on making the welcome page a JSP that contains a redirect to the action. For example, in web.xml: and in index.jsp: Surely there\'s a better way!'}
{'questionId': '39639', 'question': "My project is based on spring framework 2.5.4. And I try to add aspects for some controllers (I use aspectj 1.5.3). I've enabled auto-proxy in application-servlet.xml, just pasted these lines to the end of the xml file: Created aspect: My controllers: When I set brake points in aspect advisors and invoke controllers I catch only afterHandleRequest() but not afterRebildThumbnail() What did I do wrong? NOTE I'm asking this question on behalf of my friend who doesn't have access to SO beta, and I don't have a clue what it's all about. EDIT There were indeed some misspellings, thanks Cheekysoft. But the problem still persists."}
{'questionId': '40028', 'question': "I think it can be done by applying the transformation matrix of the scenegraph to z-normal (0, 0, 1), but it doesn't work. My code goes like this: Then I tried something like this too: But still this doesn't work correctly. I think there must be an easy way to create such vector. Do you know what's wrong with my code or better way to do so?"}
{'questionId': '40039', 'question': 'What would be the easiest way to be able to send and receive raw network packets. Do I have to write my own JNI wrapping of some c API, and in that case what API am I looking for? EDIT: I want to be able to do what wireshark does, i.e. record all incomming packets on an interface, and in addition be able to send back my own created packets. And I want to do it on a mac.'}
{'questionId': '40119', 'question': "How do you find a memory leak in Java (using, for example, JHat)? I have tried to load the heap dump up in JHat to take a basic look. However, I do not understand how I am supposed to be able to find the root reference (ref) or whatever it is called. Basically, I can tell that there are several hundred megabytes of hash table entries ([java.util.HashMap$Entry or something like that), but maps are used all over the place... Is there some way to search for large maps, or perhaps find general roots of large object trees? [Edit] Ok, I've read the answers so far but let's just say I am a cheap bastard (meaning I am more interested in learning how to use JHat than to pay for JProfiler). Also, JHat is always available since it is part of the JDK. Unless of course there is no way with JHat but brute force, but I can't believe that can be the case. Also, I do not think I will be able to actually modify (adding logging of all map sizes) and run it for long enough for me to notice the leak."}
{'questionId': '40242', 'question': 'I joined a new company about a month ago. The company is rather small in size and has pretty strong "start-up" feel to it. I\'m working as a Java developer on a team of 3 others. The company primarily sells a service to for businesses/business-type people to use in communicating with each other. One of the main things I have been, and will be working on, is the main website for the company - from which the service is sold, existing users login to check their service and pay their bills, new users can sign up for a trial, etc. Currently this is a JSP application deployed on Tomcat, with access to a database done thru a persistence layer written by the company itself. A repeated and growing frustration I am having here (and I\'m pretty happy with the job overall, so this isn\'t an "oh no I don\'t like my job"-type post) is the lack of any larger design or architecture for this web application. The app is made up of several dozen JSP pages, with almost no logic existing in Servlets or Beans or any other sort of framework. Many of the JSP pages are thousands of lines of code, they jsp:include other JSP pages, business logic is mixed in with the HTML, frequently used snippets of code (such as obtaining a web service connection) is cut and paste rather than reused, etc. In other words, the application is a mess. There have been some rumblings within the company of trying to re-architect this site so that it fits MVC better; I think that the developers and higher-ups are beginning to realize that this current pattern of spaghetti code isn\'t sustainable or very easily scalable to add more features for the users. The higher-ups and developers are wary of completely re-writing the thing (with good reason, since this would mean several weeks or months of work re-writing existing functionality), but we\'ve had some discussions of (slowly) re-writing certain areas of the site into a new framework. What are some of the best strategies to enable moving the application and codebase into this direction? How can I as a developer really help move this along, and quickly, without seeming like the jerk-y new guy who comes into a job and tells everyone that what they\'ve written is crap? Are there any proven strategies or experiences that you\'ve used in your own job experience when you\'ve encountered this sort of thing?'}
{'questionId': '40376', 'question': 'Is it possible to handle POSIX signals within the Java Virtual Machine? At least SIGINT and SIGKILL should be quite platform independent.'}
{'questionId': '40471', 'question': 'What are the differences between a HashMap and a Hashtable in Java? Which is more efficient for non-threaded applications?'}
{'questionId': '40480', 'question': "I always thought Java was pass-by-reference; however I've seen a couple of blog posts (For example, this blog) that claim it's not. I don't think I understand the distinction they're making.  What is the explanation?"}
{'questionId': '40663', 'question': "I'm trying to find a way to validate a large XML file against an XSD. I saw the question ...best way to validate an XML... but the answers all pointed to using the Xerces library for validation. The only problem is, when I use that library to validate a 180 MB file then I get an OutOfMemoryException. Are there any other tools,libraries, strategies for validating a larger than normal XML file? EDIT: The SAX solution worked for java validation, but the other two suggestions for the libxml tool were very helpful as well for validation  outside of java."}
{'questionId': '41056', 'question': "I'm a long-time emacs user, and I'm now working about 1/2 time in Java. What are the best emacs libraries for Debugging Java Code Completion/Intellisense Javadoc browsing ?"}
{'questionId': '41107', 'question': 'I\'ve been looking for a simple Java algorithm to generate a pseudo-random alpha-numeric string.  In my situation it would be used as a unique session/key identifier that would "likely" be unique over 500K+ generation (my needs don\'t really require anything much more sophisticated).  Ideally, I would be able to specify a length depending on my uniqueness needs. For example, a generated string of length 12 might look something like "AEYGF7K0DM1X".'}
{'questionId': '41233', 'question': "I'm attracted to the neatness that a single file database provides. What driver/connector library is out there to connect and use SQLite with Java. I've discovered a wrapper library, http://www.ch-werner.de/javasqlite, but are there other more prominent projects available?"}
{'questionId': '41499', 'question': 'In Java, static and transient fields are not serialized. However, I found out that initialization of static fields causes the generated serialVersionUID to be changed. For example, static int MYINT = 3; causes the serialVersionUID to change. In this example, it makes sense because different versions of the class would get different initial values. Why does any initialization change the serialVersionUID? For example, static String MYSTRING = System.getProperty("foo"); also causes the serialVersionUID to change. To be specific, my question is why does initialization with a method cause the serialVersionUID to change. The problem I hit is that I added a new static field that was initialized with a system property value (getProperty). That change caused a serialization exception on a remote call.'}
{'questionId': '41513', 'question': 'I am going to be using Subversion for source control on a new J2EE web application. What directory structure will you recommend for organizing code, tests and documentation?'}
{'questionId': '41659', 'question': "Is there any way in the Servlet API to access properties specified in web.xml (such as initialization parameters) from within a Bean or Factory class that is not associated at all with the web container? For example, I'm writing a Factory class, and I'd like to include some logic within the Factory to check a hierarchy of files and configuration locations to see which if any are available to determine which implementation class to instantiate - for example,  a properties file in the classpath, a web.xml parameter,  a system property, or  some default logic if nothing else is available.  I'd like to be able to do this without injecting any reference to ServletConfig or anything similiar to my Factory - the code should be able to run ok outside of a Servlet Container. This might sound a little bit uncommon, but I'd like for this component I'm working on to be able to be packaged with one of our webapps, and also be versatile enough to be packaged with some of our command-line tools without requiring a new properties file just for my component - so I was hoping to piggyback on top of other configuration files such as web.xml. If I recall correctly, .NET has something like Request.GetCurrentRequest() to get a reference to the currently executing Request - but since this is a Java app I'm looking for something simliar that could be used to gain access to ServletConfig."}
{'questionId': '41686', 'question': "I've got some Java code using a servlet and Apache Commons FileUpload to upload a file to a set directory. It's working fine for character data (e.g. text files) but image files are coming out garbled.  I can open them but the image doesn't look like it should.  Here's my code: Servlet StreamUtils.getBytes(stream) looks like: And finally FileManager.createFile looks like: Can anyone spot what I'm doing wrong? Cheers, Lee"}
{'questionId': '41894', 'question': 'Is there a way to find the name of the program that is running in Java? The class of the main method would be good enough.'}
{'questionId': '42102', 'question': 'I have a Singleton/Factory object that I\'d like to write a JUnit test for. The Factory method decides which implementing class to instantiate based upon a classname in a properties file on the classpath. If no properties file is found, or the properties file does not contain the classname key, then the class will instantiate a default implementing class. Since the factory keeps a static instance of the Singleton to use once it has been instantiated, to be able to test the "failover" logic in the Factory method I would need to run each test method in a different classloader.  Is there any way with JUnit (or with another unit testing package) to do this? edit: here is some of the Factory code that is in use:'}
{'questionId': '42153', 'question': 'I searched for this subject on Google and got some website about an experts exchange...so I figured I should just ask here instead. How do you embed a JApplet in HTML on a webpage?'}
{'questionId': '42383', 'question': 'I am writing an immutable DOM tree in Java, to simplify access from multiple threads.* However, it does need to support inserts and updates as fast as possible. And since it is immutable, if I make a change to a node on the N\'th level of the tree, I need to allocate at least N new nodes  in order to return the new tree. My question is, would it be dramatically faster to pre-allocate nodes rather than create new ones every time the tree is modified? It would be fairly easy to do - keep a pool of several hundred unused nodes, and pull one out of the pool rather than create one whenever it was required for a modify operation. I can replenish the node pool when there\'s nothing else going on. (in case it isn\'t obvious, execution time is going to be much more at a premium in this application than heap space is) Is it worthwhile to do this? Any other tips on speeding it up? Alternatively, does anyone know if an immutable DOM library already? I searched, but couldn\'t find anything. *Note: For those of you who aren\'t familiar with the concept of immutability, it basically means that on any operation to an object that changes it, the method returns a copy of the object with the changes in place, rather than the changed object. Thus, if another thread is still reading the object it will continue to happily operate on the "old" version, unaware that changes have been made, rather than crashing horribly. See http://www.javapractices.com/topic/TopicAction.do?Id=29'}
{'questionId': '42452', 'question': 'a colleague pointed me the other day to BCEL which , as best I can tell from his explanation and a quick read, a way to modify at run time the byte code.  My first thought was that it sounded dangerous, and my second thought was that it sounded cool.  Then I gave it some more thought and I recalled the codinghorror post on monkey-patching and realized that this was basically the same thing.  Has anyone ever used BCEL for anything practical?  Am I right that this is basically run time monkey patching, or am I missing something?'}
{'questionId': '42546', 'question': "I'm capturing data from a tablet using Java (JPen library rocks) and would like to be able to paint a penstroke in a more natural way. Currently I'm drawing the pen stroke as straight line segments each with a different Stroke thickness.   There has to be something in Java's Graphics Library that lets me to this more efficiently. Right?"}
{'questionId': '42575', 'question': "We're currently using Lucene 2.1.0 for our site search and we've hit a difficult problem: one of our index fields is being ignored during a targeted search. Here is the code for adding the field to a document in our index: Running a query ( * ) against the index will return the following results: Running a targeted query: won't find any results. I realize this is a highly specific question, I'm just trying to get information on where to start debugging this issue, as I'm a Lucene newbie. UPDATE Installed Luke, checking out latest index... the Field market_local is available in searches, so if I execute something like: The search works correctly (in Luke). I'm going over our Analyzer code now, is there any way I could chalk this issue up to the fact that our search application is using Lucene 2.1.0 and the latest version of Luke is using 2.3.0?"}
{'questionId': '42828', 'question': "I will elaborate somewhat. Jsf is kind-of extremely painful for working with from designer's perspective, somewhat in the range of trying to draw a picture while having hands tied at your back, but it is good for chewing up forms and listing lots of data. So sites we are making in my company are jsf admin pages and jsp user pages. Problem occurs when user pages have some complicated forms and stuff and jsf starts kickin' in.  Here is the question: I'm on pure jsp page. I need to access some jsf page that uses session bean. How can I initialize that bean? If I was on jsf page, I could have some commandLink which would prepare data. Only thing I can come up with is having dummy jsf page that will do the work and redirect me to needed jsf page, but that's kind of ugly, and I don't want to end up with 50 dummy pages. I would rather find some mechanism to reinitialize bean that is already in session with some wanted parameters. Edit: some more details. In this specific situation, I have a tests that are either full or filtered. It's a same test with same logic and everything, except if test is filtered, it should eliminate some questions depending on answers. Upon a clicking a link, it should start a requested test in one of the two modes. Links are parts of main menu-tree and are visible on many sibling jsp pages. My task is to have 4 links: testA full, testA filtered, testB full, testB filtered, that all lead on same jsf page and TestFormBean should be reinitialized accordingly. Edit: I've researched facelets a bit, and while it won't help me now, I'll definitely keep that in mind for next project."}
{'questionId': '42990', 'question': 'I am looking for a regex that will match a string that starts with one substring and does not end with a certain substring. Example: Should match anything that starts with "foo" and doesn\'t end with "bar".  I know about the [^...] syntax, but I can\'t find anything that will do that for a string instead of single characters.   I am specifically trying to do this for Java\'s regex, but I\'ve run into this before so answers for other regex engines would be great too.   Thanks to @Kibbee for verifying that this works in C# as well.'}
{'questionId': '43157', 'question': "I was surprised to find today that I couldn't track down any simple way to write the contents of an InputStream to an OutputStream in Java. Obviously, the byte buffer code isn't difficult to write, but I suspect I'm just missing something which would make my life easier (and the code clearer). So, given an InputStream in and an OutputStream out, is there a simpler way to write the following?"}
{'questionId': '43199', 'question': "The login page in my Tapestry application has a property in which the password the user types in is stored, which is then compared against the value from the database. If the user enters a password with multi-byte characters, such as: ...an inspection of the return value of getPassword() (the abstract method for the corresponding property) gives: Clearly, that's not encoded properly. Yet Firebug reports that the page is served up in UTF-8, so presumably the form submission request would also be encoded in UTF-8. Inspecting the value as it comes from the database produces the correct string, so it wouldn't appear to be an OS or IDE encoding issue. I have not overridden Tapestry's default value for org.apache.tapestry.output-encoding in the .application file, and the Tapestry 4 documentation indicates that the default value for the property is UTF-8. So why does Tapestry appear to botch the encoding when setting the property? Relevant code follows: Login.html Login.page Login.java Updates @Jan Soltis: Well, if I inspect the value that comes from the database, it displays the correct string, so it would seem that my editor, OS and database are all encoding the value correctly. I've also checked my .application file; it does not contain an org.apache.tapestry.output-encoding entry, and the Tapestry 4 documentation indicates that the default value for this property is UTF-8. I have updated the description above to reflect the answers to your questions. @myself: Solution found."}
{'questionId': '43802', 'question': "I have a String representation of a date that I need to create a Date or Calendar object from. I've looked through Date and Calendar APIs but haven't found anything that can do this other than creating my own ugly parse method. I know there must be a way, does anyone know of a solution?"}
{'questionId': '43808', 'question': "I have a distributed Java application running on 5 application servers. The servers all use the same Oracle 9i database running on a 6th machine. The application need to prefetch a batch of 100 IDs from a sequence. It's relatively easy to do in a single-threaded, non-distributed environment, you can just issue these queries: The first select fetches the first sequence ID that the application can use, the second select returns the last one that can be used. Things get way more interesting in a multithreaded environment. You can't be sure that before the second select another thread doesn't increase the sequence by 100 again. This issue can be solved by synchronizing the access on the Java side - you only let one thread begin fetching the IDs at one time. The situation becomes really hard when you can't synchronize because parts of the application doesn't run on the same JVM, not even on the same physical machine. I found some references on forums that others have problems with solving this problem too, but none of the answers are really working not to mention being reasonable. Can the community provide a solution for this problem? Some more information: I can't really play with the transaction isolation levels. I use JPA and the change would affect the entire application, not only the prefetching queries and that's not acceptable for me. On PostgreSQL I could do the following: select setval('seq', nextval('seq') + n - 1 ) The solution by Matthew works when you can use a fixed increment value (which is perfectly acceptable in my case). However is there a solution when you don't want to fix the size of the increment, but want to adjust it dynamically?"}
{'questionId': '43842', 'question': "I have a string that contains the representation of a date. It looks like:  Thu Nov 30 19:00:00 EST 2006 I'm trying to create a Date object using SimpleDateFormat and have 2 problems.  1.) I can't figure out the pattern to hard-code the solution into the SimpleDateFormat constructor 2.) I can't find a way I could parse the string using API to determine the pattern so I could reuse this for different patterns of date output  If anyone knows a solution using API or a custom solution I would greatly appreciate it."}
{'questionId': '44005', 'question': "We have an existing C++ application that we are going to gradually replace with a new Java-based system.  Until we have completely reimplemented everything in Java we expect the C++ and Java to have to communicate with each other (RMI, SOAP, messaging, etc - we haven't decided). Now my manager thinks we'll need the Java and C++ sides to participate in the same Oracle DB transaction.  This is related to, but different from the usual distrbuted transaction problem of having a single process co-ordinate 2 transactional resources, such as a DB and a message queue. I think propagating a transaction across processes is a terrible idea from a performance and stability point-of-view, but I am still going to be asked for a solution. I am familiar with XA transactions and I've done some work with the JBoss Transaction Manager, but my googling hasn't turned up anything good on propagating an XA transaction between 2 processes. We are using Spring on the Java side and their documentation explicitly states they do not provide any help with transaction propagation. We are not planning on using a traditional Java EE server (for example: IBM Websphere), which may have support for propagation (not that I can find any definitive documentation). Any help or pointers on solutions is greatly appreciated."}
{'questionId': '44224', 'question': "I am looking for some advice on what should I concentrate my efforts to get the needed skills to become a Java developer for Oracle applications. I'm bit confused as there are lot of technologies in the Java world. Where should I start? What to avoid? Is JDeveloper a good IDE for a beginner?"}
{'questionId': '44396', 'question': "I use Eclipse, Maven, and Java in my development. I use Maven to download dependencies (jar files and javadoc when available) and Maven's eclipse plug-in to generate the .project and .classpath files for Eclipse. When the dependency downloaded does not have attached javadoc I manually add a link for the javadoc in the .classpath file so that I can see the javadoc for the dependency in Eclipse. Then when I run Maven's eclipse plugin to regenerate the .classpath file it of course wipes out that change. Is there a way to configure Maven's eclipse plug-in to automatically add classpath attributes for javadoc when running Maven's eclipse plug-in?   I'm only interested in answers  where the javadoc and/or sources are not provided for the dependency in the maven repository, which is the case most often for me. Using downloadSources and/or downloadJavadocs properties won't help this problem."}
{'questionId': '44824', 'question': "Everyone I talk to who knows (knew) about it claims it was the greatest thing since sliced bread.  Why did it fail?  Or, if it didn't fail, who's using it now?"}
{'questionId': '44853', 'question': "I'm using ant to generate javadocs, but get this exception over and over - why? I'm using JDK version 1.6.0_06."}
{'questionId': '44912', 'question': 'Does the Java language have delegate features, similar to how C# has support for delegates?'}
{'questionId': '45075', 'question': 'Is there a better way to flash a window in Java than this: I know that this code is scary...But it works alright. (I should implement a loop...)'}
{'questionId': '45086', 'question': 'I have a C++ app that needs to connect to a JAVA web app, are there any good, open source SOAP packages for this, or would it be easier to just roll my own?'}
{'questionId': '45361', 'question': "I have a Tomcat Filter that delegates requests to the a handling object depending on the URL. This is the only filter in the FilterChain. I have an Ajax app that hammers this filter with lots of requests. Recently I noticed an issue where the filter's doFilter method is often called with a committed response as a parameter (Internally, it is the coyote response that is marked committed). It seems to me that the only way that this can happen is if the recycle() method is not called on this coyote response. I have checked to make sure that I am not keeping references to any of the request, response, outputStream, or writer objects. Additionally, I made sure to close the outputStream in a finally block. However, this doesn't resolve this issue. This sounds like I am doing something to abuse the servlet container but I am having trouble tracking it down."}
{'questionId': '45414', 'question': "I'm using Eclipse 3.4 and have configured the Java code formatter with all of the options on the Comments tab enabled. The problem is that when I format a document comment that contains: the code formatter inserts a space in the closing HTML, breaking it: Why? How do I stop this happening? This is not fixed by disabling any of the options on the Comments tab, such as Format HTML tags. The only work-around I found is to disable Javadoc formatting completely by disabling both the Enable Javadoc comment formatting and Enable block comment formatting options, which means I then have to format comment blocks manually."}
{'questionId': '45424', 'question': 'I\'m using Struts 2. I\'d like to return from an Action to the page which invoked it. Say I\'m in page x.jsp, I invoke Visual action to change CSS preferences in the session; I want to return to x.jsp rather than to a fixed page (i.e. home.jsp) Here\'s the relevant struts.xml fragment: Of course my VisualizationAction.execute() returns home. Is there any "magic" constant (like, say, INPUT_PAGE) that I may return to do the trick? Must I use a more involved method (i.e. extracting the request page and forwarding to it)? T.I.A.'}
{'questionId': '45546', 'question': 'I want my controller to return the right HTTP response code when the user lacks permission to view a particular page.'}
{'questionId': '45582', 'question': "I'm trying to use Groovy to create an interactive scripting / macro mode for my application. The application is OSGi and much of the information the scripts may need is not know up front. I figured I could use GroovyShell and call eval() multiple times continually appending to the namespace as OSGi bundles are loaded. GroovyShell maintains variable state over multiple eval calls, but not class definitions or methods. goal: Create a base class during startup. As OSGi bundles load, create derived classes as needed."}
{'questionId': '45623', 'question': "In Java, what would the best way be to have a constantly listening port open, and still send upon receipt of a packet. I am not particularly savvy with network programming at the moment, so the tutorials I have found on the net aren't particularly helpful. Would it make sense to have the listening socket as a serversocket and run it in a separate thread to the socket I'm using to send data to the server? In a loosely related question. Does anyone know if programming simply for java, in netbeans then exporting it for use on a blackberry (using a plugin) the sockets would still work ?"}
{'questionId': '45865', 'question': "I'm writing a wizard for an Eclipse RCP application.  After doing some processing on a file and taking some user input, I don't want to let the user go back to make changes.  At this point they must either accept or reject the changes they are about to make to the system. What I can't seem to find is a method call that lets me override the buttons that display or the user's ability to hit the back button.  I'd prefer that it not be there or at least be disabled. Has anyone found a way to do this using the JFace Wizard and WizardPage? Usability-wise, am I breaking wizard conventions?  Should I consider a different approach to the problem?"}
{'questionId': '45964', 'question': 'How do I multiply 10 to an Integer object and get back the Integer object? I am looking for the neatest way of doing this. I would probably do it this way: Get int from Integer object, multiply it with the other int and create another Integer object with this int value. Code will be something like ...  But, I saw a code where the author is doing it this way: Get the String from the Integer object, concatenate "0" at the end and then get Integer object back by using Integer.parseInt The code is something like this: Is there any merit in doing it either way? And what would be the most efficient/neatest way in general and in this case?'}
{'questionId': '46146', 'question': 'Looking for a string to pass to String#matches(String) that will match IPv4, and another to match IPv6.'}
{'questionId': '46160', 'question': "I am looking for a way to create an int\\long representation of an arbitrary alpha-numeric String. Hash codes won't do it, because I can't afford hash collisions i.e. the representation must be unique and repeatable.  The numeric representation will be used to perform efficient (hopefully) compares. The creation of the numeric key will take some time, but it only has to happen once, whereas I need to perform vast numbers of comparisons with it - which will hopefully be much faster than comparing the raw Strings. Any other idea's on faster String comparison will be most appreciated too..."}
{'questionId': '46389', 'question': 'I have findbugs plugin for eclipse which when run on my project will show results in Bugs explorer clubbed by the type of bug. I need to be able to do two things: Export all these to excel sheet Find out the bugs reported in a set of files (and be able to do it recursively w/o running for whole project and exporting and finding out the classes to be modified. Any suggestions? FYI, I am using MyEclipse v 6.0.1 and FindBugs 1.3.4'}
{'questionId': '46496', 'question': "Today I had a coworker suggest I refactor my code to use a label statement to control flow through 2 nested for loops I had created. I've never used them before because personally I think they decrease the readability of a program. I am willing to change my mind about using them if the argument is solid enough however. What are people's opinions on label statements?"}
{'questionId': '46568', 'question': "Does anyone know if it is possible to restart a J2EE application (from the application)?  If so, how? I would like to be able to do it in an app-server-agnostic way, if it is possible. The application will be run on many different app servers-- basically whatever the client prefers. If it isn't possible to do this in an app-server-agnostic manner, then it probably isn't really worth doing for my purposes. I can always just display a message informing the user that they will need to restart the app manually."}
{'questionId': '46642', 'question': "I'm looking for a good tool to profile a java webapp. I'd like to get performance information and memory usage if possible.  Any suggestions?"}
{'questionId': '46663', 'question': "Is it possible to send an email from my Java application using a GMail account?  I have configured my company mail server with Java app to send email, but that's not going to cut it when I distribute the application. Answers with any of using Hotmail, Yahoo or GMail are acceptable."}
{'questionId': '46758', 'question': "Are there any good tools out there for automatically converting non-Java source code into Java source? I'm not expecting something perfect, just to get the worst of the grunt work out of the way. I guess there is a sliding scale of difficulty. C# should be relatively easy (so long as you ignore all the libraries). (well written) C++ not so bad. C requires making a little OO. (Statically type) functional languages may be easy to grok. Dynamic OO languages may require non-local analysis."}
{'questionId': '46898', 'question': 'If I have an object implementing the Map interface in Java and I wish to iterate over every pair contained within it, what is the most efficient way of going through the map?   Will the ordering of elements depend on the specific map implementation that I have for the interface?'}
{'questionId': '47009', 'question': "I originally asked this question, but in finding an answer, discovered that my original problem was a lack of support in C# for covariance on inherited methods' return types. After discovering that, I became curious as to what languages do support this feature. I will accept the answer of whoever can name the most. EDIT: John Millikin correctly pointed out that lots of dynamic languages support this. To clarify:  I am only looking for static/strongly typed languages."}
{'questionId': '47045', 'question': "Printf got added to Java with the 1.5 release but I can't seem to find how to send the output to a string rather than a file (which is what sprintf does in C). Does anyone know how to do this?"}
{'questionId': '47145', 'question': 'I want to build my own custom log4j (network) adapter to solve my problem that I posted here. I have looked at the documentation on the log4j and I cant see where/if the developers go into how to do this. Can anyone point me in the right direction to get started?'}
{'questionId': '47177', 'question': "I would like to monitor the following system information in Java: Current CPU usage** (percent) Available memory* (free/total) Available disk space (free/total) *Note that I mean overall memory available to the whole system, not just the JVM. I'm looking for a cross-platform solution (Linux, Mac, and Windows) that doesn't rely on my own code calling external programs or using JNI. Although these are viable options, I would prefer not to maintain OS-specific code myself if someone already has a better solution. If there's a free library out there that does this in a reliable, cross-platform manner, that would be great (even if it makes external calls or uses native code itself). Any suggestions are much appreciated. To clarify, I would like to get the current CPU usage for the whole system, not just the Java process(es). The SIGAR API provides all the functionality I'm looking for in one package, so it's the best answer to my question so far. However, due it being licensed under the GPL, I cannot use it for my original purpose (a closed source, commercial product). It's possible that Hyperic may license SIGAR for commercial use, but I haven't looked into it. For my GPL projects, I will definitely consider SIGAR in the future. For my current needs, I'm leaning towards the following: For CPU usage, OperatingSystemMXBean.getSystemLoadAverage() / OperatingSystemMXBean.getAvailableProcessors() (load average per cpu) For memory, OperatingSystemMXBean.getTotalPhysicalMemorySize() and OperatingSystemMXBean.getFreePhysicalMemorySize() For disk space, File.getTotalSpace() and File.getUsableSpace() Limitations: The getSystemLoadAverage() and disk space querying methods are only available under Java 6. Also, some JMX functionality may not be available to all platforms (i.e. it's been reported that getSystemLoadAverage() returns -1 on Windows). Although originally licensed under GPL, it has been changed to Apache 2.0, which can generally be used for closed source, commercial products."}
{'questionId': '47524', 'question': "I've been trying to implement unit testing and currently have some code that does the following: query external database, loading into a feed table  query a view, which is a delta of my feed and data tables, updating data table to match feed table my unit testing strategy is this: I have a testing database that I am free to manipulate. in setUP(), load some data into my testing db run my code, using my testing db as the source inspect the data table, checking for counts and the existence/non existence of certain records clear testing db, loading in a different set of data run code again inspect data table again Obviously I have the data sets that I load into the source db set up such that I know certain records should be added,deleted,updated, etc. It seems like this is a bit cumbersome and there should be an easier way?  any suggestions?"}
{'questionId': '47555', 'question': 'I am coming from an Enterprise Java background which involves a fairly heavyweight software stack, and have recently discovered the  Stripes framework; my initial impression is that this seems to do a good job of minimising the unpleasant parts of building a web application in Java. Has anyone used Stripes for a project that has gone live? And can you share your experiences from the project? Also, did you consider any other technologies and (if so) why did you chose Stripes?'}
{'questionId': '47605', 'question': "Assuming String a and b: Under the hood, are they the same thing? Here is concat decompiled as reference. I'd like to be able to decompile the + operator as well to see what that does."}
{'questionId': '47676', 'question': 'The Weblogic servers we are using have been configured to allow JNDI datasource names like "appds". For development (localhost), we might be running Tomcat and when declared in the <context> section of server.xml, Tomcat will hang JNDI datasources on "java:comp/env/jdbc/*" in the JNDI tree. Problem: in Weblogic, the JNDI lookup is "appds" whilst in Tomcat, it seems that that I must provide the formal "java:comp/env/jdbc/appds". I\'m afraid the Tomcat version is an implicit standard but unfortunately, I can\'t change Weblogic\'s config ... so that means we end up with two different spring config files (we\'re using spring 2.5) to facilitate the different environments. Is there an elegant way to address this. Can I look JNDI names up directly in Tomcat? Can Spring take a name and look in both places? Google searches or suggestions would be great.'}
{'questionId': '47683', 'question': "We have a Java listener that reads text messages off of a queue in JBossMQ. If we have to reboot JBoss, the listener will not reconnect and start reading messages again. We just get messages in the listener's log file every 2 minutes saying it can't connect. Is there something we're not setting in our code or in JBossMQ? I'm new to JMS so any help will be greatly appreciated. Thanks."}
{'questionId': '48088', 'question': "I was surprised recently to find that it's possible to have a return statement in a finally block in Java. It seems like lots of people think it's a bad thing to do as described in 'Don't return in a finally clause'. Scratching a little deeper, I also found 'Java's return doesn't always' which shows some pretty horrible examples of other types of flow control in finally blocks. So, my question is, can anyone give me an example where a return statement (or other flow control) in a finally block produces better / more readable code?"}
{'questionId': '48144', 'question': 'It seems like anything you can do with bytecode you can do just as easily and much faster in native code. In theory, you could even retain platform and language independence by distributing programs and libraries in bytecode then compiling to native code at installation, rather than JITing it. So in general, when would you want to execute bytecode instead of native?'}
{'questionId': '48179', 'question': "I want to generate a thumbnail preview of videos in Java. I'm mostly JMF and video manipulation alienated.  Is there an easy way to do it? What about codecs? Will I have to deal with it? Any video type is suported? (including Quicktime)"}
{'questionId': '48203', 'question': 'Simply, are there any Java Developer specific Linux distros?'}
{'questionId': '48249', 'question': 'Is there a way to embed a browser in Java? UP: How to do it today?'}
{'questionId': '48293', 'question': "In podcast #15, Jeff mentioned he twittered about how to run a regular event in the background as if it was a normal function - unfortunately I can't seem to find that through twitter. Now I need to do a similar thing and are going to throw the question to the masses. My current plan is when the first user (probably me) enters the site it starts a background thread that waits until the alloted time (hourly on the hour) and then kicks off the event blocking the others (I am a Windows programmer by trade so I think in terms of events and WaitOnMultipleObjects) until it completes. How did Jeff do it in Asp.Net and is his method applicable to the Java web-app world?"}
{'questionId': '48442', 'question': 'Anyone have a good rule of thumb for choosing between different implementations of Java Collection interfaces like List, Map, or Set? For example, generally why or in what cases would I prefer to use a Vector or an ArrayList, a Hashtable or a HashMap?'}
{'questionId': '48659', 'question': "I have a machine with VmWare installed which added two extra network interfaces.  The OS is Vista.  I have two Java applications, one which broadcasts datagrams, and one which receives those datagrams.  The problem I'm having is that unless I disable both VmWare network interfaces, the receiver can't receive the datagrams.    What is the best way to make that work without disabling the interfaces?"}
{'questionId': '48733', 'question': 'Our design has one jvm that is a jboss/webapp (read/write) that is used to maintain the data via hibernate (using jpa) to the db. The model has 10-15 persistent classes with 3-5 levels of depth in the relationships. We then have a separate jvm that is the server using this data.  As it is running continuously we just have one long db session (read only).   There is currently no intra-jvm cache involved - so we manually signal one jvm from the other. Now when the webapp changes some data, it signals the server to reload the changed data.  What we have found is that we need to tell hibernate to purge the data and then reload it.  Just doing a fetch/merge with the db does not do the job - mainly in respect of the objects several layers down the hierarchy.   Any thoughts on whether there is anything fundamentally wrong with this design or if anyone is doing this and has had better luck with working with hibernate on the reloads. Thanks, Chris'}
{'questionId': '48859', 'question': "I'm using the Apache CXF Web Services stack. When a client times out or disconnects from the server before the operation is complete, the server keeps running the operation until it is complete. I would like to have the server detect when the client disconnects and handle that accordingly. Is there a way to detect when a client disconnects using Apache CXF? What about using other Java web-services stacks?"}
{'questionId': '49075', 'question': "I'm working on a command line application for Solaris, written in Java6. I'd like to be able to scroll through a history of previous commands using the up and down arrows like many Unix tools allow (shells, VIM command mode prompt, etc). Is there any standard way of achieving this, or do I have to roll my own?"}
{'questionId': '49156', 'question': 'I have a .tag file that requires a JavaScript library (as in a .js file). Currently I am just remembering to import the .js file in every JSP that uses the tag but this is a bit cumbersome and prone to error. Is there a way to do the importing of the .js inside the JSP tag? (for caching reasons I would want the .js to be a script import)'}
{'questionId': '49226', 'question': "I need to store some sensitive data by encrypting it with atleast 128 bit key. I investigated into javax.crypto package and found that there are certain Cipher names, like  PBEWithMD5AndDES or PBEWithSHA1AndDESede which provides encryption upto 56 bit and 80 bit (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DESede). I referred other guys posts but those are mainly using RSA and in my understanding RSA is generally suitable for encrypting the communication data (with private-public key pair). My need is different, I just want to store the data and retrieve it back by decrypting it. Therefore I don't need any private-public key pairs. Please let me know if you have any idea about this."}
{'questionId': '49267', 'question': 'Embedded custom-tag in dynamic content (nested tag) not rendering. I have a page that pulls dynamic content from a javabean and passes the list of objects to a custom tag for processing into html. Within each object is a bunch of html to be output that contains a second custom tag that I would like to also be rendered. The problem is that the tag invocation is rendered as plaintext. An example might serve me better. 1 Pull information from a database and return it to the page via a javabean. Send this info to a custom tag for outputting. this tag should output a box div like so This renders fine and as expected 2 If, in the above example, for instance, I were to have a custom tag in the importantNotice.getMessage() String: The important notice renders fine but the quote tag will not be processed and simply inserted into the string and put as plain text/html tag. Rather than  I know this has to do with processors and pre-processors but I am not to sure about how to make this work.'}
{'questionId': '49379', 'question': 'How do I lock compiled Java classes to prevent decompilation? I know this must be very well discussed topic on the Internet, but I could not come to any conclusion after referring them. Many people do suggest obfuscator, but they just do renaming of classes, methods, and fields with tough-to-remember character sequences but what about sensitive constant values? For example, you have developed the encryption and decryption component based on a password based encryption technique. Now in this case, any average Java person can use JAD to decompile the class file and easily retrieve the password value (defined as constant) as well as salt and in turn can decrypt the data by writing small independent program! Or should such sensitive components be built in native code (for example, VC++) and call them via JNI?'}
{'questionId': '49473', 'question': 'Is Bouncy Castle API Thread Safe ? Especially, I am planning to write a singleton Spring bean for basic level cryptography support in my app. Since it is a web application, there are greater chances of multiple threads accessing this component at a time. So tread safety is essential here. Please let me know if you have come across such situations using Bouncy Castle.'}
{'questionId': '49824', 'question': "Besides the dynamic nature of Python (and the syntax), what are some of the major features of the Python language that Java doesn't have, and vice versa?"}
{'questionId': '49900', 'question': 'We have an Apache ANT script to build our application, then check in the resulting JAR file into version control (VSS in this case).  However, now we have a change that requires us to build 2 JAR files for this project, then check both into VSS. The current target that checks the original JAR file into VSS discovers the name of the JAR file through some property.  Is there an easy way to "generalize" this target so that I can reuse it to check in a JAR file with any name?  In a normal language this would obviously call for a function parameter but, to my knowledge, there really isn\'t an equivalent concept in ANT.'}
{'questionId': '50064', 'question': "This is pretty simple, I come from a swing/awt background. I'm just wondering what the proper way to set the background color for a SWT widget is? I've been trying: Except I have no idea how to create the color Object in SWT?"}
{'questionId': '50255', 'question': 'I\'ve been reading a lot lately about the next release of Java possibly supporting closures.  I feel like I have a pretty firm grasp on what closures are, but I can\'t think of a solid example of how they would make an Object-Oriented language "better".  Can anyone give me a specific use-case where a closure would be needed (or even preferred)?'}
{'questionId': '50398', 'question': 'Does anyone have a good solution for integrating some C# code into a java application?  The code is small, so I could re-write in java, but I would rather reuse the code if possible. Don\'t repeat yourself, etc.  Also, I know I can expose the C# as a web service or whatever, but it has some security/encryption stuff in there, so I would rather keep it tightly integrated if possible. Edit: It\'s going to be on a server-based app, so "downloading" another runtime is irrelevant.'}
{'questionId': '50524', 'question': 'From the Java 6 Pattern documentation: Special constructs (non-capturing) (?:X)X, as a non-capturing group (?>X)X, as an independent, non-capturing group Between (?:X) and (?>X) what is the difference? What does the independent mean in this context?'}
{'questionId': '50532', 'question': 'How do I format a number in Java? What are the "Best Practices"? Will I need to round a number before I format it? 32.302342342342343 => 32.30 .7323 => 0.73 etc.'}
{'questionId': '50561', 'question': 'Is it possible at runtime to programmatically check the name of the Thread that is holding the lock of a given object?'}
{'questionId': '51002', 'question': 'I am working on designing and building a desktop application.  I am thinking about using eclipse or netbeans for the base of this application.  However, I have never built on either of these platforms.  I am personally leaning to using netbeans because it seams like that platform is an easer learning curve.  But, I wanted to ask people that have actually build on these platforms before which one is easier to use? My personal definition of easer is as follows: Easy to get started with Consistent and logical API Good documentation Easy to build and deploy Thanks very much, Josh'}
{'questionId': '51157', 'question': "In Jetty, if there is no deployment at '/' then the DefaultHandler displays a list of known contexts. This is very useful during development. Is it possible to configure BEA Weblogic to provide a similar convenience?"}
{'questionId': '51266', 'question': "I have an application that's a mix of Java and C++ on Solaris. The Java aspects of the code run the web UI and establish state on the devices that we're talking to, and the C++ code does the real-time crunching of data coming back from the devices. Shared memory is used to pass device state and context information from the Java code through to the C++ code. The Java code uses a PostgreSQL database to persist its state. We're running into some pretty severe performance bottlenecks, and right now the only way we can scale is to increase memory and CPU counts. We're stuck on the one physical box due to the shared memory design. The really big hit here is being taken by the C++ code. The web interface is fairly lightly used to configure the devices; where we're really struggling is to handle the data volumes that the devices deliver once configured. Every piece of data we get back from the device has an identifier in it which points back to the device context, and we need to look that up. Right now there's a series of shared memory objects that are maintained by the Java/UI code and referred to by the C++ code, and that's the bottleneck. Because of that architecture we cannot move the C++ data handling off to another machine. We need to be able to scale out so that various subsets of devices can be handled by different machines, but then we lose the ability to do that context lookup, and that's the problem I'm trying to resolve: how to offload the real-time data processing to other boxes while still being able to refer to the device context. I should note we have no control over the protocol used by the devices themselves, and there is no possible chance that situation will change. We know we need to move away from this to be able to scale out by adding more machines to the cluster, and I'm in the early stages of working out exactly how we'll do this. Right now I'm looking at Terracotta as a way of scaling out the Java code, but I haven't got as far as working out how to scale out the C++ to match. As well as scaling for performance we need to consider high availability as well. The application needs to be available pretty much the whole time -- not absolutely 100%, which isn't cost effective, but we need to do a reasonable job of surviving a machine outage. If you had to undertake the task I've been given, what would you do? EDIT: Based on the data provided by @john channing, i'm looking at both GigaSpaces and Gemstone. Oracle Coherence and IBM ObjectGrid appear to be java-only."}
{'questionId': '51276', 'question': 'Is there any performance to be gained these days from compiling java to native code, or do modern hotspot compilers end up doing this over time anyway?'}
{'questionId': '51320', 'question': "For a project I'm working on. I need to look for an executable on the filesystem. For UNIX derivatives, I assume the user has the file in the mighty $PATH variable, but there is no such thing on Windows. I can safely assume the file is at most 2 levels deep into the filesystem, but I don't know on what drive it will be. I have to try all drives, but I can't figure out how to list all available drives (which have a letter assigned to it). Any help? EDIT: I know there is a %PATH% variable, but it is not as integrated as in UNIX systems. For instance, the application I'm looking for is OpenOffice. Such software would not be in %PATH%, typically."}
{'questionId': '51380', 'question': 'The Sun Documentation for DataInput.skipBytes states that it "makes an attempt to skip over n bytes of data from the input stream, discarding the skipped bytes. However, it may skip over some smaller number of bytes, possibly zero. This may result from any of a number of conditions; reaching end of file before n bytes have been skipped is only one possibility." Other than reaching end of file, why might skipBytes() not skip the right number of bytes? (The DataInputStream I am using will either be wrapping a FileInputStream or a PipedInputStream.) If I definitely want to skip n bytes and throw an EOFException if this causes me to go to the end of the file, should I use readFully() and ignore the resulting byte array? Or is there a better way?'}
{'questionId': '51390', 'question': "When java was young, people were excited about writing applets.  They were cool and popular, for a little while.  Now, I never see them anymore.  Instead we have flash, javascript, and a plethora of other web app-building technologies. Why don't sites use java applets anymore? I'm also curious: historically, why do you think this occurred?  What could have been done differently to keep Java applets alive?"}
{'questionId': '51438', 'question': "I was just wondering how most people fetch a mime type from a file in Java?  So far I've tried two utils: JMimeMagic & Mime-Util.   The first gave me memory exceptions, the second doesn't close its streams off properly.  I was just wondering if anyone else had a method/library that they used and worked correctly?"}
{'questionId': '51452', 'question': 'what is the best method for inter process communication in a multithreaded java app. It should be performant (so no JMS please) easy to implement and reliable,so that objects & data can be bound to one thread only? Any ideas welcome!'}
{'questionId': '51574', 'question': "Has anyone had good experiences with any Java libraries for Graph algorithms. I've tried JGraph and found it ok, and there are a lot of different ones in google. Are there any that people are actually using successfully in production code or would recommend? To clarify, I'm not looking for a library that produces graphs/charts, I'm looking for one that helps with Graph algorithms, eg minimum spanning tree, Kruskal's algorithm Nodes, Edges, etc. Ideally one with some good algorithms/data structures in a nice Java OO API."}
{'questionId': '51582', 'question': "Let's say I have the following class: How would I check that o is the same class as E? I can't change the method signature from (Object o) as I'm overridding a superclass and so don't get to choose my method signature. I would also rather not go down the road of attempting a cast and then catching the resulting exception if it fails."}
{'questionId': '51786', 'question': 'How can I generate UML diagrams (especially sequence diagrams) from existing Java code?'}
{'questionId': '52112', 'question': 'Does anyone know a good Java lib that will hook into SVN so I can extract the data?  I want the SVN comments, author, path, etc...  Hopefully with this data I can build a better time management tracking system.'}
{'questionId': '52343', 'question': "I'm getting an error when my application starts.  It appears to be after it's initialized its connection to the database.  It also may be when it starts to spawn threads, but I haven't been able to cause it to happen on purpose. The entire error message is: FATAL ERROR in native method: JDWP NewGlobalRef, jvmtiError=JVMTI_ERROR_NULL_POINTER(100) JDWP exit error JVMTI_ERROR_NULL_POINTER(100): NewGlobalRef erickson: I'm not very familiar with the DB code, but hopefully this string is helpful: jdbc:sqlserver://localhost;databasename=FOO Tom Hawtin: It's likely I was only getting this error when debugging, but it wasn't consistent enough for me to notice. Also, I fixed a bug that was causing multiple threads to attempt to update the same row in DB and I haven't gotten the JVMTI... error since."}
{'questionId': '52353', 'question': "For example, let's say I have an application that can read in a CSV file with piles of data rows.  I give the user a summary of the number of rows based on types of data, but I want to make sure that I don't read in too many rows of data and cause OutOfMemoryErrors.  Each row translates into an object.  Is there an easy way to find out the size of that object programmatically?  Is there a reference that defines how large primitive types and object references are for a VM? Right now, I have code that says read up to 32,000 rows, but I'd also like to have code that says read as many rows as possible until I've used 32MB of memory.  Maybe that is a different question, but I'd still like to know."}
{'questionId': '52701', 'question': "I have an L6 phone from motorola, a usb cable to connect it to my computer, and the Tools for Phones software so I can do things like upload my own custom ringtones or download pictures from the phone's camera. I have some ideas for programs I'd like to run on the phone, and it supports java, but I don't see anything in the software that I have for uploading them.  Even if they did, I wouldn't know where to get started. Does anyone have any info on how to get started building apps for this or similar phones?"}
{'questionId': '52874', 'question': "I have a piece of server-ish software written in Java to run on Windows and OS X. (It is not running on a server, but just a normal user's PC - something like a torrent client.) I would like the software to signal to the OS to keep the machine awake (prevent it from going into sleep mode) while it is active. Of course I don't expect there to be a cross platform solution, but I would love to have some very minimal C programs/scripts that my app can spawn to inform the OS to stay awake. Any ideas?"}
{'questionId': '53098', 'question': 'Is there a simple jar that I can just drop in a web app with simple configuration to allow people to log in my app and be seen as JASS user? I am not looking just for a library that implement the protocol, but a complete solution for simple solution integration.'}
{'questionId': '53128', 'question': "I have a webapp that uses JNDI lookups to get a connection to the database. The connection works fine and returns the query no problems. The issue us that the connection does not close properly and is stuck in the 'sleep' mode (according to mysql administrator). This means that they become unusable nad then I run out of connections. Can someone give me a few pointers as to what I can do to make the connection return to the pool successfully. SNIP This is inside a javabean that uses the database connection."}
{'questionId': '53316', 'question': 'I have a one to many relationship between two tables. The many table contains a clob column. The clob column looks like this in hibernate: So basically I may have a Note with some subsitutions, say "foo" and "fizzbuzz". So in my main table I could have a Note with id 4 and in my NOTE_JOIN_TABLE I would have two rows, "foo" and "fizzbuzz" that both have a relationship to the Note. However, when one of these is inserted into the DB the larger substitution values are cropped to be as long as the shortest. So in this case I would have "foo" and "fiz" in the DB instead of "foo" and "fizzbuzz". Do you have any idea why this is happening? I have checked and confirmed they aren\'t being cropped anywhere in our code, it\'s defintely hibernate.'}
{'questionId': '53365', 'question': "(see here for the problem I'm trying to solve) How do you get hibernate to log clob values it's going to insert. It is logging other value types, such as Integer etc. I have the following in my log4j config: Which produces output such as: However you'll note that it never displays parameter: 3 which is our clob. What I would really want is something like: How do I get it to show this in the log?"}
{'questionId': '53379', 'question': "Does anyone have examples of how to use DBMS_APPLICATION_INFO package with JBOSS?  We have a various applications which run within JBOSS and share db pools. I would like, at the start of each session these applications to identify themselves to the database using DBMS_APPLICATION_INFO so I can more easily track which sections of the application is causing database issues. I'm not too familiar with session life cycles in JBOSS, but at the end of the day, what needs to happen is at the start and end of a transaction, this package needs to be called. Has anyone done this before?"}
{'questionId': '53387', 'question': 'I downloaded a couple of webapps and placed them in my /webapps folder. Some of them I could open by going to http://localhost:8080/app1 and it would open. However, some others I would do the exact same thing and go to http://localhost:8080/app2 and it will display "HTTP Status 404 - /app2/", even though I am sure it is there.  I\'ve checked that it contains a WEB-INF folder just like app1, and I\'ve even restarted Tomcat to be sure. My question is: is there anything (perhaps in the web.xml file) that specifies what the URL has to be to start the webapp? Or is it simply just http://localhost:8080/<folder name> ? P.S. If you want to know exactly what app1 and app2 I am refering to: app1 (works) = http://assets.devx.com/sourcecode/11237.zip app2 (doesn\'t work) = http://www.laliluna.de/download/eclipse-spring-jdbc-tutorial.zip I\'ve tried a few others as well, some work, some don\'t.  I\'m just wondering if I\'m missing something.'}
{'questionId': '53562', 'question': "What are the steps required to enable Hibernate's second-level cache, when using the Java Persistence API (annotated entities)? How do I check that it's working? I'm using JBoss 4.2.2.GA. From the Hibernate documentation, it seems that I need to enable the cache and specify a cache provider in persistence.xml, like: What else is required? Do I need to add @Cache annotations to my JPA entities? How can I tell if the cache is working? I have tried accessing cache statistics after running a Query, but Statistics.getSecondLevelCacheStatistics returns null, perhaps because I don't know what 'region' name to use."}
{'questionId': '53623', 'question': 'I want to get whois information of a domain name from my c#/java programs. Is there a simple way to do this?'}
{'questionId': '53808', 'question': 'When interviewing college coops/interns or recent graduates it helps to have a Java programming question that they can do on a white board in 15 minutes.  Does anyone have examples of good questions like this?  A C++ question I was once asked in an interview was to write a string to integer function which is along the lines of the level of question I am looking for examples of.'}
{'questionId': '53820', 'question': "In the application I'm developping (in Java/swing), I have to show a full screen window on the second screen of the user. I did this using a code similar to the one you'll find below... Be, as soon as I click in a window opened by windows explorer, or as soon as I open windows explorer (i'm using windows XP), the full screen window is minimized... Do you know any way or workaround to fix this problem, or is there something important I did not understand with full screen windows? Thanks for the help,"}
{'questionId': '53845', 'question': 'What compiler (I\'m using gcj 4.x) options should I use to generate an "exe" file for my java application to run in windows?'}
{'questionId': '54221', 'question': 'I\'d like to add some functionality to a site that would allow users to record video using their webcam and easily store it online. I don\'t even know if this is possible right now, but I think flash has access to local webcams running through the browser. Do you have any suggestions or resources to get me started on this? I\'m primarily a java developer so If I could do it in an applet that would be great, but It may be easier to accomplish this using flash or some other technology. This would mean streaming the video back to the webserver and storing it there. Uploading a file is easy enough, but I\'d rather the user not have to deal with that if it\'s possible. Just to be clear. I\'m not talking about uploading a video. I\'m talking about allowing the user to click "record" in a web application and having the video streamed to the server and stored when the user clicks "stop".'}
{'questionId': '54295', 'question': "I'd like to store a properties file as XML.  Is there a way to sort the keys when doing this so that the generated XML file will be in alphabetical order?"}
{'questionId': '54487', 'question': "How can I format Floats in Java so that the float component is displayed only if it's not zero? For example: Edit: I forgot to mention - I'm still on Java 1.4 - sorry!"}
{'questionId': '54567', 'question': "I've got an JComboBox with a custom inputVerifyer set to limit MaxLength when it's set to editable. The verify method never seems to get called. The same verifyer gets invoked on a JTextField fine. What might I be doing wrong?"}
{'questionId': '54686', 'question': "Does any one know how do I get the current open windows or process of a local machine using Java?   What I'm trying to do is: list the current open task, windows or process open, like in  Windows Taskmanager, but using a multi-platform approach - using only Java if it's possible."}
{'questionId': '54861', 'question': 'I\'ve been using the following code to open Office Documents, PDF, etc. on my windows machines using Java and it\'s working fine, except for some reason when a filename has embedded it within it multiple contiguous spaces like "File[SPACE][SPACE]Test.doc". How can I make this work?  I\'m not averse to canning the whole piece of code... but I\'d rather not replace it with a third party library that calls JNI. EDIT: When I run it with the errant file windows complains about finding the file.  But... when I run the command line directly from the command line it runs just fine.'}
{'questionId': '54882', 'question': "What's the easiest way to print a stacktrace from a debugging printout? Often during testing you would like to know the callstack leading up to the situation provoking a debug message."}
{'questionId': '54886', 'question': "Alright it can be a lame question, but everybody uses these things differently.  What's some of the best time savers out there for this IDE. Tom"}
{'questionId': '54909', 'question': "I have an ArrayList<String> that I'd like to return a copy of.  ArrayList has a clone method has the following signature: After I call this method, how do I cast the returned Object back to ArrayList<String>?"}
{'questionId': '54926', 'question': 'Is it possible, in Java, to make a JPanel skip drawing its background thus being transparent except for the components on it?'}
{'questionId': '54952', 'question': 'We try to use Java and UTF-8 on Windows. The application writes logs on the console, and we would like to use UTF-8 for the logs as our application has internationalized logs. It is possible to configure the JVM so it generates UTF-8, using -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 as arguments to the JVM. It works fine, but the output on a Windows console is garbled. Then, we can set the code page of the console to 65001 (chcp 65001), but in this case, the .bat files do not work. This means that when we try to launch our application through our script (named start.bat), absolutely nothing happens. The command simple returns: But without chcp 65001, there is no problem, and the application can be launched. Any hints about that?'}
{'questionId': '55369', 'question': "Is there any clear documentation on the binary formats used to serialize the various MFC data structures?  I've been able to view some of my own classes in a hex editor and use Java's ByteBuffer class to read them in (with automatic endianness conversions, etc). However, I am currently running into issues while trying to bring over the CObArray data, as there seems to be a rather large header that is opaque to me, and it is unclear how it is persisting object type information. Is there a set of online documentation that would be helpful for this?  Or some sample Java code from someone that has dealt with this in the past?"}
{'questionId': '55375', 'question': 'I know this rather goes against the idea of enums, but is it possible to extend enums in C#/Java?  I mean "extend" in both the sense of adding new values to an enum, but also in the OO sense of inheriting from an existing enum.   I assume it\'s not possible in Java, as it only got them fairly recently (Java 5?).  C# seems more forgiving of people that want to do crazy things, though, so I thought it might be possible some way.  Presumably it could be hacked up via reflection (not that you\'d every actually use that method)? I\'m not necessarily interested in implementing any given method, it just provoked my curiosity when it occurred to me :-)'}
{'questionId': '55440', 'question': "I've a class which is a wrapper class(serves as a common interface) around another class implementing the functionality required. So my code looks like this. Now, how do I make sure that ImplementationClass can be derived from a set of classes only, similar to java's generics syntax?"}
{'questionId': '55487', 'question': "I've got a J2SE application that I am maintaining uses JNDI. (It uses JNDI to find it's J2EE application server.) It has pretty poor error reporting of failure to find the JNDI server. I've been looking around fora way to display which server the InitialContext is trying to talk to. Has anyone got a neat way to do this ?"}
{'questionId': '55709', 'question': "I am building a java server that needs to scale. One of the servlets will be serving images stored in Amazon S3. Recently under load, I ran out of memory in my VM and it was after I added the code to serve the images so I'm pretty sure that streaming larger servlet responses is causing my troubles. My question is : is there any best practice in how to code a java servlet to stream a large (>200k) response back to a browser when read from a database or other cloud storage? I've considered writing the file to a local temp drive and then spawning another thread to handle the streaming so that the tomcat servlet thread can be re-used. This seems like it would be io heavy. Any thoughts would be appreciated. Thanks."}
{'questionId': '56045', 'question': "I'm having some internationalisation woes: My UTF-8 string fields are being rendered in the browser as ???? after being returned from the database. After retrieval from the database using Hibernate, the String fields are presented correctly on inspection using the eclipse debugger. However Struts2/Tiles is rendering these strings as ???? in the HTML sent to the browser. The charset directive is present in the HTML header:      Perhaps I need to add something to my struts2 or tiles configurations?"}
{'questionId': '56347', 'question': "I'm returning to c++ after being away for a bit and trying to dust off the old melon.  In Java Iterator is an interface to a container having methods: hasNext(), next() and remove(). The presence of hasNext() means it has the concept of a limit for the container being traversed. In the C++ standard template library, iterators seem to represent a datatype or class the supports the operator++ and operator== but has no concept of a limit built in so comparison is required before advancing to the next item. The limit has to checked by the user comparing two iterators in the normal case the second iterator is the container end. The interesting part here is that in C++ a pointer is an iterator to an array. The STL took what was existing and build convention around it. It there any further subtlety to this that I am missing?"}
{'questionId': '56687', 'question': "In our application, we are using RMI for client-server communication in very different ways: Pushing data from the server to the client to be displayed. Sending control information from the client to the server. Callbacks from those control messages code paths that reach back from the server to the client (sidebar note - this is a side-effect of some legacy code and is not our long-term intent). What we would like to do is ensure that all of our RMI-related code will use only a known specified inventory of ports.  This includes the registry port (commonly expected to be 1099), the server port and any ports resulting from the callbacks. Here is what we already know: LocateRegistry.getRegistry(1099) or Locate.createRegistry(1099) will ensure that the registry is listening in on 1099. Using the UnicastRemoteObject constructor / exportObject static method with a port argument will specify the server port. These points are also covered in this Sun forum post.  What we don't know is: how do we ensure that the client connections back to the server resulting from the callbacks will only connect on a specified port rather than defaulting to an anonymous port? EDIT: Added a longish answer summarizing my findings and how we solved the problem.  Hopefully, this will help anyone else with similar issues. SECOND EDIT: It turns out that in my application, there seems to be a race condition in my creation and modification of socket factories.  I had wanted to allow the user to override my default settings in a Beanshell script.  Sadly, it appears that my script is being run significantly after the first socket is created by the factory.  As a result, I'm getting a mix of ports from the set of defaults and the user settings.  More work will be required that's out of the scope of this question but I thought I would point it out as a point of interest for others who might have to tread these waters at some point...."}
{'questionId': '56707', 'question': 'Is there a way to globally make right click also select the element that you right click on?  From what I understand this has been a bug in Swing for a long time likely to never be fixed because at this point applications depend on it.  Any advice on doing this on a global scale?  Perhaps on the L&F?'}
{'questionId': '56722', 'question': "Just got a request from my boss for an application I'm working on. Basically we're getting an email address setup for an external client to submit excel files to.  What I need is a way to automatically pick up any email sent to this address, so I can take the attachment, process it and save it to a folder. Any information of even where to start would be helpful.\\ Note: We're using a lotus notes server to do this, but a generic way would be more helpful (If possible)."}
{'questionId': '56737', 'question': "Is the standard Java 1.6 javax.xml.parsers.DocumentBuilder class thread safe? Is it safe to call the parse() method from several threads in parallel? The JavaDoc doesn't mention the issue, but the JavaDoc for the same class in Java 1.4 specifically says that it isn't meant to be concurrent; so can I assume that in 1.6 it is? The reason is that I have several million tasks running in an ExecutorService, and it seems expensive to call DocumentBuilderFactory.newDocumentBuilder() every time."}
{'questionId': '56843', 'question': "I'm looking for a builder for HQL in Java. I want to get rid of things like: I'd rather have something like: I googled a bit, and I couldn't find one. I wrote a quick & dumb HqlBuilder that suits my needs for now, but I'd love to find one that has more users and tests than me alone. Note: I'd like to be able to do things like this and more, which I failed to do with the Criteria API: ie. select all stocks whose property someValue points to any bonus from the Bonus table. Thanks!"}
{'questionId': '56865', 'question': "A simple question, but could someone provide sample code as to how would someone call a web service from within the JBoss Seam framework, and process the results? I need to be able to integrate with a search platform being provided by a private vendor who is exposing his functionality as a web service. So, I'm just looking for some guidance as to what the code for calling a given web service would look like.  (Any sample web service can be chosen as an example.)"}
{'questionId': '56943', 'question': "I'm looking for a simple solution for a yes/no dialog to use in a Java ME midlet. I'd like to use it like this but other ways are okey."}
{'questionId': '56954', 'question': 'The code gives me a warning "Type safety: The expression of type SomeClass needs unchecked conversion to conform to SomeClass<Integer>".'}
{'questionId': '56974', 'question': "In the following snippet: Is there a keyword to refer to the outer class from the inner class?  Basically what I want to do is outer.otherMethod(), or something of the like, but can't seem to find anything."}
{'questionId': '57034', 'question': "I'm working on a project where we're using a Java applet for part of the UI (a map, specifically), but building the rest of the UI around the applet in HTML/JavaScript, communicating with the applet through LiveConnect/NPAPI. A little bizarre, I know, but let's presume that setup is not under discussion. I started out planning on using jQuery as my JavaScript framework, but I've run into two issues. Issue the first:  Selecting the applet doesn't provide access to the applet's methods. Java: JavaScript: Running the above JavaScript results in This is in contrast to Prototype, where the analogous code does work: So...where'd the applet methods go? Issue the second: There's a known problem with jQuery and applets in Firefox 2: http://www.pengoworks.com/workshop/jquery/bug_applet/jquery_applet_bug.htm It's a long shot, but does anybody know of a workaround? I suspect this problem isn't fixable, which will mean switching to Prototype. Thanks for the help!"}
{'questionId': '57145', 'question': "While creating classes in Java I often find myself creating instance-level collections that I know ahead of time will be very small - less than 10 items in the collection. But I don't know the number of items ahead of time so I typically opt for a dynamic collection (ArrayList, Vector, etc). A part of me keeps nagging at me that it's wasteful to use complex dynamic collections for something this small in size. Is there a better way of implementing something like this? Or is this the norm? Note, I'm not hit with any (noticeable) performance penalties or anything like that. This is just me wondering if there isn't a better way to do things."}
{'questionId': '57194', 'question': "EDIT: Learned that Webmethods actually uses NLST, not LIST, if that matters Our business uses the WebMethods integration server to handle most of our outbound communications, and its FTP functionality leaves something to be desired.  We are having a problem that may be specific to WebMethods, but if anyone can point me in a direction of what kinds of things might cause this I'd appreciate it. When polling two of our partners' FTP servers, we connect without issue but, when doing a NLST on a directory that is empty (no files and no subdirectories) it's timing out.  The actual error is: com.wm.net.ftpCException: [ISC.0064.9010] java.net.SocketTimeoutException: Accept timed out It's being thrown during the invocation of the pub.client.ftp:ls service.  I've logged in with a number of FTP clients without a problem to the same sites.  I've used whatever the default FTP client is in windows, FileZilla and lftp.  All without issue.  The servers themselves aren't the same FTP server software from what I can tell.  One is Microsoft FTP, the other I'm uncertain on but is definitely not Microsoft. Any idea what could cause an FTP client to timeout when waiting for a NLST response on an empty directory?  The visible responses from the FTP server appear to be the same, but is there a difference in how NLST responds for an empty directory that I'm unaware of? This problem is consistent on these two servers.  Everything functions fine on directories with files or subdirectories within it, but not when empty. Any thoughts or directions would be appreciated. Thanks! Eric Sipple"}
{'questionId': '57484', 'question': 'I\'m trying to do a basic "OR" on three fields using a hibernate criteria query. Example I\'d like to build a criteria query where my search string could match "name" or "address" or "phoneNumber".'}
{'questionId': '57537', 'question': 'In my Servlet I would like to access the root of the context so that I can do some JavaScript minifying. It would be possible to do the minify as part of the install process but I would like to do it on Servlet startup to reduce the implementation cost. Does anyone know of a method for getting the context directory so that I can load and write files to disk?'}
{'questionId': '57689', 'question': "Is there an easy way to return data to web service clients in JSON using java?  I'm fine with servlets, spring, etc."}
{'questionId': '57915', 'question': 'There are a few web service frameworks available for Java: Axis2, CXF, JBossWS, and Metro. Does anyone have some good examples of a WS-Eventing client with these frameworks?'}
{'questionId': '58163', 'question': 'It seems to me that introducing an ORM tool is supposed to make your architecture cleaner, but for efficiency I\'ve found myself bypassing it and iterating over a JDBC Result Set on occasion.  This leads to an uncoordinated tangle of artifacts instead of a cleaner architecture. Is this because I\'m applying the tool in an invalid Context, or is it deeper than that? When can/should you go whole hog with the ORM approach? Any insight would be greatly appreciated. A little of background: In my environment  I have about 50 client computers and 1 reasonably powerful SQL Server. I have a desktop application in which all 50 clients are accessing the data at all times. The project\'s Data Model has gone through a number of reorganizations for various reasons including clarity, efficiency, etc. My Data Model\'s history JDBC calls directly DAO + POJO without relations between Pojos (basically wrapping the JDBC).  Added Relations between POJOs implementing Lazy Loading, but just hiding the inter-DAO calls Jumped onto the Hibernate bandwagon after seeing how "simple" it made data access (it made inter POJO relations trivial) and because it could decrease the number of round trips to the database when working with many related entities. Since it was a desktop application keeping Sessions open long term was a nightmare so it ended up causing a whole lot of issues Stepped back to a partial DAO/Hibernate approach that allows me to make direct JDBC calls behind the DAO curtain while at the same time using Hibernate.'}
{'questionId': '58305', 'question': 'Simple as the title states: Can you use only Java commands to take a screenshot and save it?  Or, do I need to use an OS specific program to take the screenshot and then grab it off the clipboard?'}
{'questionId': '58547', 'question': "In C++ we acquiring a resource in a constructor and release it in a destructor. So when an exception rises in a middle of a function there will be no resource leak or locked mutexes or whatever. AFAIK java classes don't have destructors. So how does one do the resource management in Java. For example: How can one release resource if DoSomething throws an exception? We can't put try\\catch blocks all over the code, can we?"}
{'questionId': '58886', 'question': "I just installed Java 1.6_07 so I could try profiling with VisualVM.  It tells me that my app is spending 60% of its time in sun.rmi.transport.tcp.TCPTransport$ConnectionHandler.run  How do I find out what it was doing during that time?  How much of the time was it waiting for something to call it, or doing something else?  What was calling it and what was it calling?  I just can't seem to find any way to drill down to deeper levels like there is in Quantify or the Perl profiler."}
{'questionId': '58939', 'question': "I'm trying to get an event to fire whenever a choice is made from a JComboBox. The problem I'm having is that there is no obvious addSelectionListener() method. I've tried to use actionPerformed() but it never fires. Short of overriding the model for the JComboBox I'm out of ideas. How do I get notified of a selection change on a JComboBox? Edit: I have to apologize it turns out I was using a misbehaving subclass of JComboBox, but I'll leave the question up since your answer is good.  Commence the vote down. :)"}
{'questionId': '58988', 'question': 'The Interface Segregation Principle (ISP) says that many client specific interfaces are better than one general purpose interface. Why is this important?'}
{'questionId': '59107', 'question': 'I\'m converting an application to use Java 1.5 and have found the following method: Ideally I would like to make the method take two Comparables of the same type, is it possible to convert this and how?  I thought the following would do the trick: but it has failed to get rid of a warning in IntelliJ "Unchecked call to \'compareTo(T)\' as a member of raw type \'java.lang.Comparable\'" on the line:'}
{'questionId': '59128', 'question': "What GUI should use to run my JUnit tests, and how exactly do I do that? My entire background is in .NET, so I'm used to just firing up my NUnit gui and running my unit tests. If the lights are green, I'm clean.  Now, I have to write some Java code and want to run something similar using JUnit. The JUnit documentation is nice and clear about adding the attributes necessary to create tests, but its pretty lean on how to fire up a runner and see the results of those tests."}
{'questionId': '59129', 'question': 'I have read about JavaFX, and like all new technologies I wanted to get my hands "dirty" with it. However, although it talks of multiplatform support, I can\'t find specifics on this. What platforms support a JavaFX application? All those with Java SE? ME? Does it depend upon the APIs in JavaFX that I use?'}
{'questionId': '59175', 'question': "What's the difference between the inner workings of Java's JVM and .NET's CLR? Perhaps a starting point would be, are they basically the same thing in their respective environments (Java > JVM > Machine code) (C# > CLR > IL). Update:  Several people have alluded to the points I was trying to cover: Garbage Collection  Boxing/Unboxing JIT debugging  Generics/Templates Please feel free to suggest other good topics that differentiate the two. @George Mauer - this sounds very interesting: Already posted this once but here is a series of interviews with c# chief language designer Anders Hejlsberg."}
{'questionId': '59299', 'question': "I'm migrating a Hibernate application's cache from EHCache to JBoss TreeCache. I'm trying to find how to configure the equivalent to maxElementsOnDisk to limit the cache size on disk, but I couldn't find anything similar to configure in a FileCacheLoader with passivation activated. Thanks"}
{'questionId': '59557', 'question': 'is there an easy way to transform HTML into markdown with JAVA? I am currently using the Java MarkdownJ library to transform markdown to html.'}
{'questionId': '59787', 'question': 'How do you generate and analyze a thread dump from a running JBoss instance?'}
{'questionId': '59806', 'question': "I'm trying to get the GWTShell mode to load my context.xml file in which my database is described. The only usable info can be found here, but this doesn't seem to work for the context.xml part."}
{'questionId': '59832', 'question': 'I am currently calling the following line of code: and I get the exception above when it executes.  Any ideas as to why this is happening?'}
{'questionId': '59850', 'question': "I'd like to create a spring bean that holds the value of a double. Something like:"}
{'questionId': '59936', 'question': 'I am working on an application for college music majors. A feature i am considering is slowing down music playback without changing its pitch. I have seen this done in commercial software, but cannot find any libraries or open source apps that do anything like this.   Are there libraries out there? How could this be done from scratch from various file formats? Note: I am working in java but am not oppossed to changing languages.'}
{'questionId': '60049', 'question': "I'm using the javax.sound.sampled package in a radio data mode decoding program. To use the program the user feeds audio from their radio receiver into their PC's line input. The user is also required to use their mixer program to select the line in as the recording input. The trouble is some users don't know how to do this and also sometimes other programs alter the recording input setting. So my question is how can my program detect if the line in is set as the recording input ? Also is it possible for my program to change the recording input setting if it detects it is incorrect ? Thanks for your time. Ian"}
{'questionId': '60160', 'question': 'Does Java have a built-in way to escape arbitrary text so that it can be included in a regular expression? For example, if my users enter "$5", I\'d like to match that exactly rather than a "5" after the end of input.'}
{'questionId': '60269', 'question': 'How do I implement a draggable tab using Java Swing? Instead of the static JTabbedPane I would like to drag-and-drop a tab to different position to rearrange the tabs. EDIT: The Java Tutorials - Drag and Drop and Data Transfer.'}
{'questionId': '60302', 'question': "If I start a process via Java's ProcessBuilder class, I have full access to that process's standard in, standard out, and standard error streams as Java InputStreams and OutputStreams. However, I can't find a way to seamlessly connect those streams to System.in, System.out, and System.err. It's possible to use redirectErrorStream() to get a single InputStream that contains the subprocess's standard out and standard error, and just loop through that and send it through my standard outbut I can't find a way to do that and let the user type into the process, as he or she could if I used the C system() call. This appears to be possible in Java SE 7 when it comes outI'm just wondering if there's a workaround now. Bonus points if the result of isatty() in the child process carries through the redirection."}
{'questionId': '60470', 'question': 'If I\'m running a signed Java applet, can I load additional classes from remote sources (in the same domain, maybe even the same host) and run them? I\'d like to do this without changing pages or even stopping the current applet. Of course, the total size of all classes is too large to load them all at once. Is there a way to do this? And is there a way to do this with signed applets and preserve their "confidence" status?'}
{'questionId': '60764', 'question': "Why is it so hard to do this in Java? If you want to have any kind of module system you need to be able to load jars dynamically. I'm told there's a way of doing it by writing your own ClassLoader, but that's a lot of work for something that should (in my mind at least) be as easy as calling a method with a jar file as its argument. Any suggestions for simple code that does this?"}
{'questionId': '61150', 'question': 'My motto for Java is "just because Java has static blocks, it doesn\'t mean that you should be using them." Jokes aside, there are a lot of tricks in Java that make testing a nightmare. Two of the most I hate are Anonymous Classes and Static Blocks. We have a lot of legacy code that make use of Static Blocks and these are one of the annoying points in our push in writing unit tests. Our goal is to be able to write unit tests for classes that depend on this static initialization with minimal code changes.  So far my suggestion to my colleagues is to move the body of the static block into a private static method and call it staticInit. This method can then be called from within the static block. For unit testing another class that depends on this class could easily mock staticInit with JMockit to not do anything. Let\'s see this in example. Will be changed to So that we can do the following in a JUnit. However this solution also comes with its own problems. You can\'t run DependentClassTest and ClassWithStaticInitTest on the same JVM since you actually want the static block to run for ClassWithStaticInitTest. What would be your way of accomplishing this task? Or any better, non-JMockit based solutions that you think would work cleaner?'}
{'questionId': '61176', 'question': 'I want to access messages in GMail from a Java application using JavaMail and IMAP. Why am I getting a SocketTimeoutException ? Here is my code: I set the timeout values so that it wouldn\'t take "forever" to timeout. Also, MyAuthenticator also has the username and password, which seems redundant with the URL. Is there another way to specify the protocol? (I didn\'t see it in the JavaDoc for IMAP.)'}
{'questionId': '61191', 'question': 'We have a simple spring-hibernate application(console app) where in we have set the classpath in manifest file of the executable jar file. And the app connects to the database using jtds driver, Everything works as expected on windows machine and jdk1.6. But on Linux, the app is unable to find the driver,  We are running the program using java -jar MainClassName Any suggestions why this might be happening is greatly appreciated.'}
{'questionId': '61559', 'question': 'How much less libraries are there for Mono than for Java? I lack the overview over both alternatives but I have pretty much freedom of choice for my next project. I\'m looking for hard technical facts in the areas of performance (for example, I\'m told Java is good for threading, and I hear the runtime code optimization has become very good recently for .NET) real world portability (it\'s both meant to be portable, what\'s Catch-22 for each?) tool availability (CI, build automation, debugging, IDE) I am especially looking for what you actually experienced in your own work rather than the things I could google. My application would be a back-end service processing large amounts of data from time series. My main target platform would be Linux. Edit: To phrase my question more adequately, I am interested in the whole package (3rd party libraries etc.), not just the language. For libraries, that probably boils down to the question "how much less libraries are there for Mono than for Java"? FYI, I have since chosen Java for this project, because it seemed just more battle-worn on the portability side and it\'s been around for a while on older systems, too. I\'m a tiny little bit sad about it, because I\'m very curious about C# and I\'d love to have done some large project in it, but maybe next time. Thanks for all the advice.'}
{'questionId': '61615', 'question': 'C# and Java allow almost any character in class names, method names, local variables, etc..  Is it bad practice to use non-ASCII characters, testing the boundaries of poor editors and analysis tools and making it difficult for some people to read, or is American arrogance the only argument against?'}
{'questionId': '61692', 'question': "I have a Java application which I want to shutdown 'nicely' when the user selects Start->Shutdown. I've tried using JVM shutdown listeners via Runtime.addShutdownHook(...) but this doesn't work as I can't use any UI elements from it. I've also tried using the exit handler on my main application UI window but it has no way to pause or halt shutdown as far as I can tell. How can I handle shutdown nicely?"}
{'questionId': '61714', 'question': "I'm working on a cross platform application in Java which currently works nicely on Windows, Linux and MacOS X. I'm trying to work out a nice way to do detection (and handling) of 'crashes'. Is there an easy, cross-platform way to detect 'crashes' in Java and to do something in response? I guess by 'crashes' I mean uncaught exceptions. However the code does use some JNI so it'd be nice to be able to catch crashes from bad JNI code, but I have a feeling that's JVM specific."}
{'questionId': '61795', 'question': "I'm looking for a Java profiler that works well with the JVM coming with WebSphere 6.0.2 (IBM JVM 1.4.2). I use yourkit for my usual profiling needs, but it specifically refuses to work with this old jvm (I'm sure the authors had their reasons...). Can anybody point to a decent profiler that can do the job? Not interested in a generic list of profilers, BTW, I've seen the other stackoverflow theread, but I'd rather not try them one by one. I would prefer a free version, if possible, since this is a one-off need (I hope!) and I would rather not pay for another profiler just for this."}
{'questionId': '61796', 'question': "If so what are required configuration elements to enable UTF-8 for tiles?   I'm finding my tile results are sent as:"}
{'questionId': '61906', 'question': "In Hibernate we have two classes with the following classes with JPA mapping: Now when we load from the database an object from class Foo using session get e.g: Foo foo = (Foo)session.get(Foo.class, 1 /* or some other id that exists in the DB*/); the Bar member of foo is a proxy object (in our case javassist proxy but it can be cglib one depending on the bytecode provider you use), that is not initialized. If you then use session.get to fetch the Bar object that is the member of the Foo class just loaded (we are in the same session), Hibernate does not issue another DB query and fetches the object from the session (first level) cache. The problem is this is a proxy to Bar class which is not initialized and trying to call this object getId() will return 0, and getTitle() will return null.  Our current solution is pretty ugly and checks if the object returned from get is a proxy here is the code (form a generic DAO implementation): Is there a better way to do this, couldn't find a solution in the Hibernate forum, and didn't find the issue in Hibernate's JIRA. Note: we cannot just use foo.getBar() (which will initialize the proxy properly) to get the Bar class object, because the session.get operation to fetch the Bar object does not know (or care for that matter) that the Bar class is also a lazy member of a Foo object that was just fetched."}
{'questionId': '62241', 'question': 'Is there an easy way to avoid dealing with text encoding problems?'}
{'questionId': '62276', 'question': 'What tool would you recommend to detect java package cyclic dependencies, knowing that the goal is to list explicitly the specific classes involved in the detected \'across-packages cycle\' ? I know about classycle and JDepend , but they both fail to list the classes involved in a cyclic package dependency. Metrics has an interesting graphical representation of cycles, but again limited to packages, and quite difficult to read sometime. I am getting tired to get a: " you have a package cycle dependency between those 3 packages you have xxx classes in each good luck finding the right classes and break this cycle " Do you know any tool that takes the extra step to actually explain to you why the cycle is detected (i.e. \'list the involved classes\') ? Riiight... Time to proclaim the results: @l7010.de thank you for the effort. I will vote you up (when I will have enough rep), especially for the \'CAP\' answer... but CAP is dead in the water and no longer compatible with my eclipse 3.4. The rest is commercial and I look only for freeware @daniel6651 thank you but, as said, freeware only (sorry to not have mentioned it in the first place) @izb as a frequent user of findbugs (using the latest 1.3.5 right now), I am one click away to accept your answer... if you could explain to me what option there is to activate for findbug to detect any cycle. That feature is only mentioned for the 0.8.7 version in passing (look for \'New Style detector to find circular dependencies between classes\'), and I am not able to test it. Update: works now, I had an old findbugs configuration file in which that option was not activated. I still like CAD though ;) THE ANSWER is... see my own (second) answer below'}
{'questionId': '62289', 'question': 'How is it possible to read/write to the Windows Registry using java?'}
{'questionId': '62398', 'question': 'We are developing a middleware SDK, both in C++ and Java to be used as a library/DLL by, for example, game developers, animation software developers, Avatar developers to enhance their products. What I would like to know is this: Are there standard "Best Practices" for the development of these types of API? I am thinking in terms of usability, readability, efficiency etc.'}
{'questionId': '62418', 'question': "When a java based application starts to misbehave on a windows machine, you want to be able to kill the process in the task manager if you can't quit the application normally. Most of the time, there's more than one java based application running on my machine. Is there a better way than just randomly killing java.exe processes in hope that you'll hit the correct application eventually? EDIT: Thank you to all the people who pointed me to Sysinternal's Process Explorer - Exactly what I'm looking for!"}
{'questionId': '62423', 'question': 'Rather than rewriting the entire contents of an xml file when a single element is updated, is there a better alternative to updating the file?'}
{'questionId': '62433', 'question': 'I have looked in vain for a good example or starting point to write a java based facebook application...  I was hoping that someone here would know of one.  As well, I hear that facebook will no longer support their java API is this true and if yes does that mean that we should no longer use java to write facebook apps??'}
{'questionId': '62447', 'question': 'Tomcat fails to start even if i remove all my applications from the WEBAPPS directory leaving everything just like after the OS installation. The log (catalina.out) says:'}
{'questionId': '62490', 'question': 'I am receiving SOAP requests from a client that uses the Axis 1.4 libraries. The requests have the following form: As you can see, several prefixes are defined for the same namespace, e.g. the namespace http://example.com/schema/common has the prefixes ns4, ns5, ns6, ns7 and ns8. Some long requests define several hundred prefixes for the same namespace. This causes a problem with the Saxon XSLT processor, that I use to transform the requests. Saxon limits the the number of different prefixes for the same namespace to 255 and throws an exception when you define more prefixes. Can Axis 1.4 be configured to define smarter prefixes, so that there is only one prefix for each namespace?'}
{'questionId': '62491', 'question': "Nokia has stopped offering its Developer's Suite, relying on other IDEs, including Eclipse. Meanwhile, Nokia changed its own development tools again and EclipseMe has also changed. This leaves most documentation irrelevant.  I want to know what does it take to make a simple Hello-World? (I already found out myself, so this is a Q&A for other people to use)"}
{'questionId': '62650', 'question': "What's the simplest-to-use techonlogy available to save an arbitrary Java object graph as an XML file (and to be able to rehydrate the objects later)?"}
{'questionId': '62713', 'question': 'In a flow definition, I am trying to access a bean that has a dot in its ID (example: <evaluate expression="bus.MyServiceFacade.someAction()" /> However, it does not work. SWF tries to find a bean "bus" instead. Initially, I got over it by using a helper bean to load the required bean, but the solution is inelegant and uncomfortable. The use of alias\'es is also out of the question since the beans are part of a large system and I cannot tamper with them. In a nutshell, none of the solution allowed me to refernce the bean directly by using its original name. Is that even possible in the current SWF release?'}
{'questionId': '62929', 'question': "I am getting the following error trying to read from a socket. I'm doing a readInt() on that InputStream, and I am getting this error. Perusing the documentation this suggests that the client part of the connection closed the connection. In this scenario, I am the server. I have access to the client log files and it is not closing the connection, and in fact its log files suggest I am closing the connection. So does anybody have an idea why this is happening? What else to check for? Does this arise when there are local resources that are perhaps reaching thresholds? I do note that I have the following line: just prior to the readInt(). There is a reason for this (long story), but just curious, are there circumstances under which this might lead to the indicated error? I have the server running in my IDE, and I happened to leave my IDE stuck on a breakpoint, and I then noticed the exact same errors begin appearing in my own logs in my IDE. Anyway, just mentioning it, hopefully not a red herring. :-("}
{'questionId': '62932', 'question': "Hessian is a custom binary serialization protocol, (which is open-source - I think), that forms the basis for a binary cross platform remoting framework. I'd like to know if anyone here has used it, and if so, what sort of performance can we expect from a solution that bridges a Java app on one side with a C# app on the other. (Let us consider that we are serializing simple classes, and may be arrays, lists, dictionaries of simple classes.)"}
{'questionId': '63030', 'question': 'What is the best and/or easiest way to replace the missing BufferedImage functionality for a Java project I am converting to .NET with IKVM? I\'m basically getting "cli.System.NotImplementedException: BufferedImage" exceptions when running the application, which otherwise runs fine.'}
{'questionId': '63042', 'question': "I'm a very experienced Java programmer who has spent my entire time working with Java 1.4 and earlier.  Where can I find a quick reference that will give me everything I need to know about the new features in Java5 and later in a quick reference?"}
{'questionId': '63150', 'question': "While working in a Java app, I recently needed to assemble a comma-delimited list of values to pass to another web service without knowing how many elements there would be in advance. The best I could come up with off the top of my head was something like this: I realize this isn't particularly efficient, since there are strings being created all over the place, but I was going for clarity more than optimization. In Ruby, I can do something like this instead, which feels much more elegant: But since Java lacks a join command, I couldn't figure out anything equivalent. So, what's the best way to do this in Java?"}
{'questionId': '63206', 'question': 'If Java application requires certain JRE version then how can I check its availability on Mac OS X during installation?'}
{'questionId': '63687', 'question': 'I would like to save the programs settings every time the user exits the program. So I need a way to call a function when the user quits the program. How do I do that? I am using Java 1.5.'}
{'questionId': '63748', 'question': 'I want to implement in Java a class for handling graph data structures. I have a Node class and an Edge class. The Graph class maintains two list: a list of nodes and a list of edges. Each node must have an unique name. How do I guard against a situation like this: I believe I should clone the nodes and the edges when adding them to the graph and return a NodeEnvelope class that will maintain the graph structural integrity. Is this the right way of doing this or the design is broken from the beginning ?'}
{'questionId': '63758', 'question': 'I have a Java application that launches another java application.  The launcher has a watchdog timer and receives periodic notifications from the second VM.  However, if no notifications are received then the second virtual machine should be killed and the launcher will perform some additional clean-up activities. The question is, is there any way to do this using only java? so far I have to use some native methods to perform this operation and it is somehow ugly. Thanks!'}
{'questionId': '63800', 'question': 'Does Java impose any extra restrictions of its own. Windows (upto Vista) does not allow names to include I know HOW to validate names (a regular expression). I need to validate filenames entered by users.   My application does not need to run on any other platform, though, of course, I would prefer to be platform independent!'}
{'questionId': '63896', 'question': 'Lucene has quite poor support for Russian language. RussianAnalyzer (part of lucene-contrib) is of very low quality. RussianStemmer module for Snowball is even worse. It does not recognize Russian text in Unicode strings, apparently assuming that some bizarre mix of Unicode and KOI8-R must be used instead. Do you know any better solutions?'}
{'questionId': '63930', 'question': 'Struts 1.3 application.  Main website is NOT served by struts/Java.  I need to forward the result of a struts action to a page in the website, that is outside of the struts context.  Currently, I forward to a JSP in context and use a meta-refresh to forward to the real location.  That seems kinda sucky.  Is there a better way?'}
{'questionId': '63935', 'question': "I have a Struts (1.3x) ActionForm that has several String and boolean properties/fields, but also has some POJO fields.  so my form looks something like: In the JSP I can reference the POJO's fields thusly: ...and the values display correctly, but if I try to submit the form I get the ServletException: BeanUtils.populate error. There seems to be a lot of information about this general topic on the web, but none really addresses my specific question, which is: shouldn't I be able to submit a form in Struts that contains fields that are POJOs?"}
{'questionId': '64000', 'question': "When launching a process from Java, both stderr and stdout can block on output if I don't read from the pipes.  Currently I have a thread that pro-actively reads from one and the main thread blocks on the other. Is there an easy way to join the two streams or otherwise cause the subprocess to continue while not losing the data in stderr?"}
{'questionId': '64036', 'question': "In java it's a bit difficult to implement a deep object copy function. What steps you take to ensure the original object and the cloned one share no reference?"}
{'questionId': '64038', 'question': 'When I use the default java locale on my linux machine it comes out with the US locale settings, where do I change this so that it comes out with the correct locale?'}
{'questionId': '64061', 'question': 'What Java library would you say is the best for consuming and parsing feeds? Requirements: Embeddable Supports Atom & RSS Has caching architecture Should be able to deal with any feed format the same way (Please: one suggestion per answer.)'}
{'questionId': '64148', 'question': "I'm looking for a general solution for upgrading database schema with ORM tools, like JPOX or Hibernate. How do you do it in your projects? The first solution that comes to my mind is to create my own mechanism for upgrading databases, with SQL scripts doing all the work. But in this case I'll have to remember about creating new scripts every time the object mappings are updated. And I'll still have to deal with low-level SQL queries, instead of just defining mappings and allowing the ORM tools to do all the job... So the question is how to do it properly. Maybe some tools allow for simplifying this task (for example, I heard that Rails have such mechanism built-in), if so please help me decide which ORM tool to choose for my next Java project."}
{'questionId': '64209', 'question': "I'm reading lines of text that can come in any order. The problem is that the output can actually be indentical to the previous output. How can I detect this, without sorting the output first? Is there some kind of hash function that can take identical input, but in any order, and still produce the same result?"}
{'questionId': '64213', 'question': "Are there any open-source libraries that all programmers should know about? I'm thinking something general, a sort of extension to the standard java.util that contains basic functions that are useful for all kinds of application."}
{'questionId': '64392', 'question': "I am looking into game programming in Java to see if it is feasible. When googling for it I find several old references to Java2D, Project Darkstar (Sun's MMO-server) and some books on Java game programming. But alot of the information seems to be several years old. So the question I am asking, is anyone creating any games in Java SE 1.5 or above? If so, what frameworks are used and are there any best practices or libraries available?"}
{'questionId': '64408', 'question': "This one has been bugging me for a while now. Is there a way I can stop Intellj IDEA from reporting missing keys in  tags? My messages are not stored in property files so the issue does not apply in my case. I'm using IntelliJ IDEA 7.0.4"}
{'questionId': '64454', 'question': 'I have a user interface in .net which needs to receive data from a server, on a request/reply/update model. The only constraint is to use Java only on the server box. What is the best approach to achieve this ? Is it by creating a Webservice in Java and then accessing it in .net, or should I create Java proxies and convert them in .net by using IKM ? Or do you have any better idea ? It can be HTTP based, used a direct socket connection, or any middleware.'}
{'questionId': '64582', 'question': "I was discussing neural networks (NN) with a friend over lunch the other day and he claimed the the performance of a NN written in Java would be similar to one written in C++.  I know that with 'just in time' compiler techniques Java can do very well, but somehow I just don't buy it.  Does anyone have any experience that would shed light on this issue?  This page is the extent of my reading on the subject."}
{'questionId': '64781', 'question': 'I have a web application that receives messages through an HTTP interface, e.g.: This request contains the ID of the sender, the ID of the recipient and the text of the message. This message should be processed like: finding the matching User object for both the source and the destination from the database creating a tree of objects: a Message that contains a field for the message text and two User objects for the source and the destination persisting this tree to a database. The tree will be loaded by other applications that I can\'t touch. I use Oracle as the backing database and JPA with Toplink for the database handling tasks. If possible, I\'d stay with these. Without much optimization I can achieve ~30 requests/sec throughput in my environment. That\'s not much, I\'d require ~300 requests/sec. So I measured where the performance bottleneck is and found that the calls to em.persist() takes most of the time. If I simply comment out that line, the throughput go well over 1000 requests/sec. I tried to write a small test application that used simple JDBC calls to persist 1 million messages to the same database. I used batching, meaning I did 100 inserts then a commit, and repeated until all the records was in the database. I measured ~500 requests/sec throughput in this scenario, that would meet my needs. It is clear that I need to optimize insert performance here. However as I mentioned earlier I would like to keep using JPA and Toplink for this, not pure JDBC. Do you know a way to create batch inserts with JPA and Toplink? Can you recommend any other technique for improving JPA persist performance? ADDITIONAL INFO: "requests/sec" means here: total number of requests / total time from beginning of test to last record written to database. I tried to make the calls to em.persist() asynchronous by creating an in-memory queue between the servlet stuff and the persister. It helped the performance greatly. However the queue did grow really fast and as the application will receive ~200 requests/second continuously, It is not an acceptable solution for me. In this decoupled approach I collected requests for 100 msec and called em.persist() on all collected items before commiting the transaction. The EntityManagerFactory is cached between each transaction.'}
{'questionId': '64833', 'question': 'I am writing a C# client that calls a web service written in Java (by another person).  I have added a web reference to my client and I\'m able to call methods in the web service ok. The service was changed to return an array of objects, and the client does not properly parse the returned SOAP message. When my generated C# proxy calls the web service (using SoapHttpClientProtocol.Invoke), I am expecting a MyResponse[] array with length of 1, ie a single element.  What I am getting after the Invoke call is an element with id=0 and reason=null, regardless of what the service actually returns.  Using a packet sniffer, I can see that the service is returning what appears to be a legitimate soap message with id and reason set to non-null values. Is there some trick to getting a C# client to call a Java web service that returns someobject[] ?  I will work on getting a sanitized demo if necessary. Edit: This is a web reference via "Add Web Reference...".  VS 2005, .NET 3.0.'}
{'questionId': '64875', 'question': 'Due to repetitive errors with one of our Java applications: I need to "fix" some Unicode character in an Oracle database, ideally in a programmatic fashion. Once identified, what would be a simple way to "search and replace" it?'}
{'questionId': '64989', 'question': 'What could be the cause of JVM thread dumps that show threads waiting to lock on a monitor, but the monitors do not have corresponding locking threads?   Java 1.5_14 on Windows 2003'}
{'questionId': '65010', 'question': 'Is it really viable to use GCJ to publish server-side applications?  Webapps?   My boss is convinced that compiling our (my) webapp into a binary executable is a brilliant idea.  (Then again, he likes nice, small simple things with blinky lights that he can understand.)  He instinctively sees no issues with this, while I only see an endless series of problems and degradations.  Once I start talking to him about the complexity of our platform, and more in depth specifics of byte code, JVMs, libraries, differences between operating systems, processor architectures, etc...well...his eyes glaze over, he smiles and he has made it clear he thinks I\'m being childishly resistive. Why does he want a single magic executable?  He sees a couple of "benefits": If it is a binary executable, then it is hard to reverse engineer and circumvent any licensing.  Management lives in constant fear that this is happening, even though we sell into larger corporates who generally do not do cheat with server software.   There is that vision of downloading this magic executable, running it, and everything works. (No more sending me out to do customer installations, which is not that frequent.) So, I\'ve done my obligatory 20 minutes of googling, and now I am here.   A bit of background on my application:  What it is made from: Java 6 (Sun\'s JVM) AspectJ 1.6 Tomcat 6 Hibernate 3 Spring 2 another two dozen supporting jar files What it does A streaming media CMS Performance sensitive Deployed on Linux, Solaris, Windows (and developed on a Mac) As you can probably gather, I\'m highly skeptical of this "compiling Java to native code" thing.  It sound like where Mono (VB on Linux) was back in 2000.  But am I being overly pessimistic?  Is it viable?  Should I actually spend the time (days if not weeks) to try this out? There is one other similar thread (Java Compiler Options to produce .exe files) but it is a bit too simple, the links dated, and not really geared towards a server-side question. Your informed opinions will be highly cherished, my dear SOpedians! TIA!'}
{'questionId': '65035', 'question': "I have a try/catch block with returns inside it. Will the finally block be called? For example: I know I can just type this in an see what happens (which is what I'm about to do, actually) but when I googled for answers nothing came up, so I figured I'd throw this up as a question."}
{'questionId': '65058', 'question': 'I start to write a client - server application using .net (C#) for both client and server side. Unfortunately, my company refuse to pay for Windows licence on server box meaning that I need to rewrite my code in Java, or go to the Mono way. Is there any good way to translate C# code in Java ? The server application used no .net specific feature, only cross language tools like Spring.net, Hibernate.net and log4net. Thanks.'}
{'questionId': '65128', 'question': "I have a huge ear that uses log4j and there is a single config file that is used to set it up. In this config file there is no mention of certain log files but, additional files apart from those specified in the config file get generated in the logs folder. I've searched for other combinations of (logger|log4j|log).(properties|xml) and haven't found anything promising in all of the jar files included in the ear. How do I track down which is the offending thread/class that is creating these extra files?"}
{'questionId': '65150', 'question': 'What is the best open source java workflow framework (e.g. OSWorkflow, jBPM, XFlow etc.)?'}
{'questionId': '65200', 'question': 'I was reading a book on programming skills wherein the author asks the interviewee, "How do you crash a JVM?" I thought that you could do so by writing an infinite for-loop that would eventually use up all the memory. Anybody has any idea?'}
{'questionId': '65310', 'question': 'I am using Apache Axis to connect my Java app to a web server. I used wsdl2java to create the stubs for me, but when I try to use the stubs, I get the following exception: org.apache.axis.ConfigurationException: No service named <web service name> is available any idea?'}
{'questionId': '65475', 'question': 'What characters are valid in a Java class name? What other rules govern Java class names (for instance, Java class names cannot begin with a number)?'}
{'questionId': '65668', 'question': "Someone told me it's more efficient to use StringBuffer to concatenate strings in Java than to use the + operator for Strings. What happens under the hood when you do that? What does StringBuffer do differently?"}
{'questionId': '65936', 'question': "I would like to read the text and binary attachments in a saved Outlook message (.msg file) from a Java application, without resorting to native code (JNI, Java Native Interface).  Apache POI-HSMF seems to be in the right direction, but it's in very early stages of development..."}
{'questionId': '66032', 'question': "The DOM method getChildNodes() returns a NodeList of the children of the current Node. Whilst a NodeList is ordered, is the list guaranteed to be in document order? For example, given <a><b/><c/><d/></a> is a.getChildNodes() guaranteed to return a NodeList with b, c and d in that order? The javadoc isn't clear on this."}
{'questionId': '66066', 'question': "I've seen examples like this:  and supposed that I could have a Constants class to wrap constants in, declaring them static final. I know practically no Java at all and am wondering if this is the best way to create constants."}
{'questionId': '66104', 'question': "I've been running Tomcat 5.5 with Java 1.4 for a while now with a huge webapp.  Most of the time it runs fine, but sometimes it will just hang, with no exception generated, and no apparant way of getting it to run again other than re-starting Tomcat.  The tomcat instance is allowed a gigabyte of memory on the heap, but rarely exceeds 300 MB.  Has anyone else run into this issue, and is there a solution for it? For clarification: I determined how much memory it is using via Task Manager and via Eclipse (I've also tried running it outside of Eclipse, but get the same problem eventually, though it takes a little longer).  With Eclipse, I look at the memory allocated via its little (optional) memory pane and the amount allocated to javaw.exe via the task manager.  I use the sysdeo? tomcat plugin for Eclipse."}
{'questionId': '66288', 'question': "I'm looking for a light version of REST for a Java web application I'm developing.  I've looked at RESTlet (www.restlet.org) and the REST plugin for Struts 2, but I haven't made up my mind. I'm leaning towards RESTlet, as it seems to be lighter. Has anyone implemented a RESTful layer without any of the the frameworks or with the frameworks?  Any performance issues that you've seen because of the new web layer?  Did the introduction of REST added unmanageable or unreasonable complexity to your project? (Some complexity is understandable, but what I mean is just plain overkilling your design just to add REST)"}
{'questionId': '66402', 'question': "I need to calculate Math.exp() from java very frequently, is it possible to get a native version to run faster than java's Math.exp()?? I tried just jni + C, but it's slower than just plain java."}
{'questionId': '66423', 'question': 'I have a servlet that is used for many different actions, used in the Front Controller pattern.  Does anyone know if it is possible to tell if the data posted back to it is enctype="multipart/form-data"?  I can\'t read the request parameters until I decide this, so I can\'t dispatch the request to the proper controller. Any ideas?'}
{'questionId': '66446', 'question': 'I am trying to achieve better performance for my Java SWT application, and I just found out it is possible to use OpenGL in SWT. It seems there are more than one Java binding for OpenGL. Which one do you prefer? Note that I have never used OpenGL before, and that the application needs to work on Windows, Linux and Mac OS X.'}
{'questionId': '66455', 'question': 'For most GUI\'s I\'ve used, when a control that contains text gets the focus, the entire contents of the control are selected.  This means if you just start typing, you completely replace the former contents. Example:  You have spin control that is initialized with the value zero.   You tab to it and type "1" The value in the control is now 1. With Swing, this doesn\'t happen.  The text in the control is not selected and the carat appears at one end or another of the existing text.  Continuing the above example: With a Swing JSpinner, when you tab to the spin control, the carat is at the left.  You type "1" and the value in the control is now 10. This drives me, (and my users) up a wall, and I\'d like to change it.  Even more important, I\'d like to change it globally so the new behavior applies to JTextField, JPasswordField, JFormattedTextField, JTextArea, JComboBox, JSpinner, and so on.   The only way I have found to do this to add a FocusAdapter to each control and override the focusGained() method to Do The Right Thing[tm]. There\'s gotta be an easier, and less fragile way.  Please? EDIT: One additional piece of information for this particular case.  The form I am working with was generated using Idea\'s form designer.  That means I normally don\'t actually write the code to create the components.  It is possible to tell Idea that you want to create them yourself, but that\'s a hassle I\'d like to avoid. Motto:  All good programmers are basically lazy.'}
{'questionId': '66504', 'question': "Are there any VNC Libraries for Java, I need to build a JSP/Servlet based VNC server, to allow user to share their desktops with helpdesk. I've seen jVNC, but i'd like to build it myself, for a University project. In particular, I'm looking for Java Libraries that I can use inside another servlet based application. Unfortuatnely tight VNC's source is in C."}
{'questionId': '66505', 'question': 'I hit this problem all the time. Suppose I am making a command line interface (Java or C#, the problem is the same I think, I will show C# here). I define an interface ICommand I create an abstract base class CommandBase which implements ICommand, to contain common code. I create several implementation classes, each extending the base class (and by extension the interface). Now - suppose that the interface specifies that all commands implement the Name property and the Execute method... For Name each of my instance classes must return a string that is the name of that command. That string ("HELP", "PRINT" etc) is static to the class concerned. What I would love to be able to do is define: public abstract static const string Name; However (sadly) you cannot define static members in an interface. I have struggled with this issue for years now (pretty much any place I have a family of similar classes) and so will post my own 3 possible solutions below for your votes. However since none of them is ideal I am hoping someone will post a more elegant solution. UPDATE: I can\'t get the code formatting to work properly (Safari/Mac?). Apologies. The example I am using is trivial. In real life there are sometimes dozens of implementing classes and several fields of this semi-static type (ie static to the implementing class). I forgot to mention - ideally I want to be able to query this information statically: string name = CommandHelp.Name; 2 of my 3 proposed solutions require that the class be instantiated before you can find out this static information which is ugly.'}
{'questionId': '66528', 'question': 'I have the following Java 6 code: I receive a syntax error on the last closing right parenthesis. Eclipse gives: "Insert EnumBody to complete block statement" and "Insert enum Identifier to complete EnumHeaderName".  Similar syntax error from javac. What am I doing wrong?'}
{'questionId': '66540', 'question': 'I know that garbage collection is automated in Java. But I understood that if you write System.gc() in your code the Java VM may or may not decide at runtime to do a garbage collection at that point. How does this work precisely? On what basis/parameters exactly does the VM decide to do (or not do) a GC when it sees a System.gc()? Are there maybe examples in which case it is a good idea to put this in your code?'}
{'questionId': '66643', 'question': "Is there a way to detect, from within the finally clause, that an exception is in the process of being thrown? ie: or is ignoring one of the exceptions the only thing you can do. In C++ it doesn't even let you ignore one of the exceptions and just calls terminate(). Most other languages use the same rules as java."}
{'questionId': '66668', 'question': "I have a JUnit test that tests adding Strings to a Dictionary custom type.  Everything works fine for everyone else on a Linux/Windows machine, however, being the first dev in my shop on a mac, this unit test fails for me.  The offending lines are where unicode string literals are used: Is there a platform-independent way to specify the unicode string?  I've tried changing the encoding of the file in Eclipse to UTF-8 instead of the default MacRoman, but the test still fails."}
{'questionId': '66750', 'question': 'Here is a quick test program: The output is: Months: en: September es: septiembre fr: septembre de: September Days: en: Monday es: lunes fr: lundi de: Montag How can I control the capitalization of the names. For some reason the Spanish and French always seem to return names that start with a lowercase letter.'}
{'questionId': '66767', 'question': "What culprits are the most likely to cause a 404 resource not found error when a page in a given .WAR, autocreated by Sun's J2EE deploytool, is trying to load a Servlet in the same .WAR file? Eg:  HTTP Status 404 - /MyServlet/MyServlettype Status reportmessage /MyServlet/MyServletdescription The requested resource (/MyServlet/MyServlet) is not available. Related: Of these, how many would you expect to be server specific? eg: Sun Java Application Server  vs Tomcat & Catalina ?"}
{'questionId': '66840', 'question': 'Where can I find a guide for integrating JavaScript and JMS (Java Messaging Service)? I would like a best practice or established technology that allows me to directly or indirectly receive messages from a topic and update a site based on the message. I was thinking of creating two components, a servlet for the Web module, and an MDB (Message-Driven Bean) for the EJB module. The web client will comsume messages from the JMS topic, and the MDB will handle the onMessage. Does this sound correct? Have you seen any examples? Edit: I am using ActiveMQ for the JMS.'}
{'questionId': '66875', 'question': 'We have a case where clients seem to be eternally caching versions of applets.  We\'re making use of the <param name="cache_version"> tag correctly within our <object> tag, or so we think.  We went from a version string of 7.1.0.40 to 7.1.0.42 and this triggered a download for only about half of our clients. It doesn\'t seem to matter which version of the JRE the client is running.  We\'ve seen people have this problem on 1.4, 1.5 and 1.6. Does anybody have experience with explicit cache versions?  Does it work more reliably (ignoring speed) to instead rely on the cache_archive\'s "Last-Modified" and/or "Content-Length" values (as per Sun\'s Site)? FYI, object block looks like this:'}
{'questionId': '66923', 'question': "So you have a String that is retrieved from an admin web UI (so it is definitely a String). How can you find out whether this string is an IP address or a hostname in Java? Update: I think I didn't make myself clear, I was more asking if there is anything in the Java SDK that I can use to distinguish between IPs and hostnames? Sorry for the confusion and thanks for everybody who took/will take the time to answer this."}
{'questionId': '67183', 'question': 'There are various documents describing threading on Solaris/Linux, but nowwhere describing the Windows implementation. I have a passing interest in this, it seems strange that something so critical is (seemingly) not documented. Threading is not the same on different OS\' - "Write Once, Run Anywhere" isn\'t true for threading. See http://java.sun.com/docs/hotspot/threads/threads.html'}
{'questionId': '67275', 'question': "I am trying to read a single file from a java.util.zip.ZipInputStream, and copy it into a java.io.ByteArrayOutputStream (so that I can then create a java.io.ByteArrayInputStream and hand that to a 3rd party library that will end up closing the stream, and I don't want my ZipInputStream getting closed). I'm probably missing something basic here, but I never enter the while loop here: What am I missing that will allow me to copy the stream? Edit: I should have mentioned earlier that this ZipInputStream is not coming from a file, so I don't think I can use a ZipFile. It is coming from a file uploaded through a servlet. Also, I have already called getNextEntry() on the ZipInputStream before getting to this snippet of code. If I don't try copying the file into another InputStream (via the OutputStream mentioned above), and just pass the ZipInputStream to my 3rd party library, the library closes the stream, and I can't do anything more, like dealing with the remaining files in the stream."}
{'questionId': '67810', 'question': 'I would like to debug my separately running JSP/Struts/Tomcat/Hibernate application stack using the Eclipse IDE debugger. How do I setup the java JVM and eclipse so that I can set breakpoints, monitor variable values, and see the code that is currently executing?'}
{'questionId': '67980', 'question': 'I need to pass a UUID instance via http request parameter. Spring needs a custom type converter (from String) to be registered. How do I register one?'}
{'questionId': '68018', 'question': 'If I have a Resource bundle property file: A.properties: thekey={0} This is a test And then I have java code that loads the resource bundle: How can I replace the {0} text with some value labels.getString("thekey", "Yes!!!"); Such that the output comes out as: Yes!!! This is a test. There are no methods that are part of Resource Bundle to do this.  Also, I am in Struts, is there some way to use MessageProperties to do the replacement.'}
{'questionId': '68042', 'question': "Let's say that on the C++ side my function takes a variable of type jstring named myString. I can convert it to an ANSI string as follows: is there a way of getting const wchar_t* unicodeString = ..."}
{'questionId': '68109', 'question': "My professor did an informal benchmark on a little program and the Java times were: 1.7 seconds for the first run, and 0.8 seconds for the runs thereafter.   Is this due entirely to the loading of the runtime environment into the operating environment ? OR  Is it influenced by Java's optimizing the code and storing the results of those optimizations (sorry, I don't know the technical term for that)?"}
{'questionId': '68113', 'question': "I've just inherited a java application that needs to be installed as a service on XP and vista. It's been about 8 years since I've used windows in any form and I've never had to create a service, let alone from something like a java app (I've got a jar for the app and a single dependency jar - log4j).  What is the magic necessary to make this run as a service?  I've got the source, so code modifications, though preferably avoided, are possible."}