Post-26, Question-13225
I've recently inherited a internationalized and text-heavy Struts 1.1 web application. Many of the JSP files look like: and the properties files look like: with the appropriate translations in N other languages (messages_fr.properties, etc). Problems: DRY violation - I have N references to my Struts action URLs instead of 1, which makes refactoring action URLs error-prone. Mixed concerns - My application's markup is now in more than just my JSP files, making it difficult for a web specialist to tweak the markup (using CSS, etc). Post-translation markup - Anytime I receive newly-translated text, I must decide what to surround with the <a>...</a> markup. Easy for English but less so for unfamiliar languages. I've considered adding placeholders in the messages file, like: but then the words "address" and "contact information" would somehow need to be localized, wrapped with markup, and passed to my message tag - and I can't see an easy way to do it. What can I do to improve this?

Post-27, Question-53562
What are the steps required to enable Hibernate's second-level cache, when using the Java Persistence API (annotated entities)? How do I check that it's working? I'm using JBoss 4.2.2.GA. From the Hibernate documentation, it seems that I need to enable the cache and specify a cache provider in persistence.xml, like: What else is required? Do I need to add @Cache annotations to my JPA entities? How can I tell if the cache is working? I have tried accessing cache statistics after running a Query, but Statistics.getSecondLevelCacheStatistics returns null, perhaps because I don't know what 'region' name to use.

Post-28, Question-63800
Does Java impose any extra restrictions of its own. Windows (upto Vista) does not allow names to include I know HOW to validate names (a regular expression). I need to validate filenames entered by users.   My application does not need to run on any other platform, though, of course, I would prefer to be platform independent!

Post-29, Question-15481
Sometimes a labeled break or continue can make code a lot more readable.  I was wondering what the common convention for the labels was. All caps? first cap?

Post-30, Question-64000
When launching a process from Java, both stderr and stdout can block on output if I don't read from the pipes.  Currently I have a thread that pro-actively reads from one and the main thread blocks on the other. Is there an easy way to join the two streams or otherwise cause the subprocess to continue while not losing the data in stderr?

Post-31, Question-64036
In java it's a bit difficult to implement a deep object copy function. What steps you take to ensure the original object and the cloned one share no reference?

Post-32, Question-33960
I would like to retrieve the ethernet address of the network interface that is used to access a particular website. How can this be done in Java? Solution Note that the accepted solution of getHardwareAddress is only available in Java 6. There does not seem to be a solution for Java 5 aside from executing i(f|p)confing.

Post-33, Question-7720
I am writing an application in Java for the desktop using the Eclipse SWT library for GUI rendering.  I think SWT helps Java get over the biggest hurdle for acceptance on the desktop: namely providing a Java application with a consistent, responsive interface that looks like that belonging to any other app on your desktop.  However, I feel that packaging an application is still an issue.   OS X natively provides an easy mechanism for wrapping Java apps in native application bundles, but producing an app for Windows/Linux that doesn't require the user to run an ugly batch file or click on a .jar is still a hassle.  Possibly that's not such an issue on Linux, where the user is likely to be a little more tech-savvy, but on Windows I'd like to have a regular .exe for him/her to run. Has anyone had any experience with any of the .exe generation tools for Java that are out there?  I've tried JSmooth but had various issues with it.  Is there a better solution before I crack out Visual Studio and roll my own? Edit:  I should perhaps mention that I am unable to spend a lot of money on a commercial solution.

Post-34, Question-65128
I have a huge ear that uses log4j and there is a single config file that is used to set it up. In this config file there is no mention of certain log files but, additional files apart from those specified in the config file get generated in the logs folder. I've searched for other combinations of (logger|log4j|log).(properties|xml) and haven't found anything promising in all of the jar files included in the ear. How do I track down which is the offending thread/class that is creating these extra files?

Post-35, Question-66528
I have the following Java 6 code: I receive a syntax error on the last closing right parenthesis. Eclipse gives: "Insert EnumBody to complete block statement" and "Insert enum Identifier to complete EnumHeaderName".  Similar syntax error from javac. What am I doing wrong?

Post-36, Question-65310
I am using Apache Axis to connect my Java app to a web server. I used wsdl2java to create the stubs for me, but when I try to use the stubs, I get the following exception: org.apache.axis.ConfigurationException: No service named <web service name> is available any idea?

Post-37, Question-36832
In C++ when a virtual function is called from within a constructor it doesn't behave like a virtual function. I think everyone who encountered for the first time was surprised but on second thought it makes sense, if the derived constructor hasn't yet run the object is not yet a derived so how can a derived function be called? The preconditions haven't had the chance to be set up. Example: It's exactly the same for Java and .NET yet they chose to go the other way, was the only reason the principle of least surprise?  Which do you think is the correct choice?

Post-38, Question-19952
The RFC for a Java class is set of all methods that can be invoked in response to a message to an object of the class or by some method in the class.  RFC = M + R where  M = Number of methods in the class. R = Total number of other methods directly invoked from the M. Thinking C is the .class and J is the .java file of which we need to calculate RFC. here M=6 and R=9  (Don't worry about call inside a loop. It's considered as a single call) Calculating M is easy. Load C using classloader and use reflection to get the count of methods. Calculating R is not direct. We need to count the number of method calls from the class. First level only.  For calculating R I must use regex. Usually format would be (calls without using . are not counted) or with out semicolon when call return is directly becomes parameter to another method. or   this becomes two method calls What other patterns of the method call can you think of?  Is there any other way other than using RegEx that can be used to calculate R. UPDATE: @McDowell Looks like using BCEL I can simplify the whole process. Let me try it.

Post-39, Question-20127
I am messing around with a toy interpreter in Java and I was considering trying to write a simple compiler that can generate bytecode for the Java Virtual Machine. Which got me thinking, how much optimization needs to be done by compilers that target virtual machines such as JVM and CLI? Do Just In Time (JIT) compilers do constant folding, peephole optimizations etc?

Post-40, Question-66446
I am trying to achieve better performance for my Java SWT application, and I just found out it is possible to use OpenGL in SWT. It seems there are more than one Java binding for OpenGL. Which one do you prefer? Note that I have never used OpenGL before, and that the application needs to work on Windows, Linux and Mac OS X.

Post-41, Question-53845
What compiler (I'm using gcj 4.x) options should I use to generate an "exe" file for my java application to run in windows?

Post-42, Question-22697
What's the best framework for creating mock objects in Java? Why? What are the pros and cons of each framework?

Post-43, Question-23372
What would be the best method for getting a custom element (that is using J2ME native Graphics) painted on LWUIT elements? The custom element is an implementation from mapping library, that paints it's content (for example Google map) to Graphics object. How would it be possible to paint the result directly on LWUIT elements (at the moment I am trying to paint it on a Component).  Is the only way to write a wrapper in LWUIT package, that would expose the internal implementation of it? Edit: John: your solution looks like a lot of engineering :P What I ended up using is following wrapper: Now I can get the 'native' Graphics element from LWUIT. Paint on it - effectively painting on LWUIT image. And I can use the image to paint on a component. And it still looks like a hack :) But the real problem is 50kB of code overhead, even after obfuscation. But this is a issue for another post :) /JaanusSiim

Post-44, Question-67810
I would like to debug my separately running JSP/Struts/Tomcat/Hibernate application stack using the Eclipse IDE debugger. How do I setup the java JVM and eclipse so that I can set breakpoints, monitor variable values, and see the code that is currently executing?

Post-45, Question-67980
I need to pass a UUID instance via http request parameter. Spring needs a custom type converter (from String) to be registered. How do I register one?

Post-46, Question-23853
I am using Struts + Velocity in a Java application, but after I submit a form, the confirmation page (Velocity template) shows the variable names instead an empty label, like the Age in following example: Name: Fernando Age: {person.age} Sex: Male I would like to know how to hide it!

Post-47, Question-40039
What would be the easiest way to be able to send and receive raw network packets. Do I have to write my own JNI wrapping of some c API, and in that case what API am I looking for? EDIT: I want to be able to do what wireshark does, i.e. record all incomming packets on an interface, and in addition be able to send back my own created packets. And I want to do it on a mac.

Post-48, Question-55709
I am building a java server that needs to scale. One of the servlets will be serving images stored in Amazon S3. Recently under load, I ran out of memory in my VM and it was after I added the code to serve the images so I'm pretty sure that streaming larger servlet responses is causing my troubles. My question is : is there any best practice in how to code a java servlet to stream a large (>200k) response back to a browser when read from a database or other cloud storage? I've considered writing the file to a local temp drive and then spawning another thread to handle the streaming so that the tomcat servlet thread can be re-used. This seems like it would be io heavy. Any thoughts would be appreciated. Thanks.

Post-49, Question-41233
I'm attracted to the neatness that a single file database provides. What driver/connector library is out there to connect and use SQLite with Java. I've discovered a wrapper library, http://www.ch-werner.de/javasqlite, but are there other more prominent projects available?

Post-50, Question-25449
I want to create a Java program that can be extended with plugins. How can I do that and where should I look for? I have a set of interfaces that the plugin must implement, and it should be in a jar. The program should watch for new jars in a relative (to the program) folder and registered them somehow. Although I do like Eclipse RCP, I think it's too much for my simple needs. Same thing goes for Spring, but since I was going to look at it anyway, I might as well try it. But still, I'd prefer to find a way to create my own plugin "framework" as simple as possible.
